http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8717	decubitus ulcer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8712	neurofibromatosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8719	in situ carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8704	genital herpes
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8702	cheek mucosa cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7408	vulvar keratoacanthoma-like carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7409	vulvar non-keratinizing squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8738	leukoplakia of penis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8736	smallpox
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7402	L-cell glucagon-like peptide producing tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7400	Nijmegen breakage syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7401	colonic L-cell glucagon-like peptide producing tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8731	carotid body cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8729	milker's nodule
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8725	vascular dementia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6139	uterine corpus epithelioid leiomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7465	chronic NK-cell lymphocytosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6132	bronchitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7463	childhood pleomorphic rhabdomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8792	eye carcinoma in situ
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7460	spindle cell variant squamous cell breast carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8791	breast carcinoma in situ
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7461	large cell keratinizing variant squamous cell breast carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7459	acantholytic variant squamous cell breast carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6128	gliomatosis cerebri
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6126	anal canal carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7457	enterobiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8787	disseminated chorioretinitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8781	rubella
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7488	posterior urethra cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7489	Osgood-Schlatter's disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7482	petrous apex meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7483	cervical keratinizing squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7491	vulvar proximal-type epithelioid sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6160	childhood choriocarcinoma of the testis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7492	central epithelioid sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6161	childhood testicular mixed germ cell tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6148	nasal cavity carcinoma in situ
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7479	duodenal somatostatinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7475	diverticulitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7474	malignant pleural mesothelioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7480	large cell carcinoma with rhabdoid phenotype
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7428	pineal region germinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7429	childhood brain germinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7426	cutaneous anthrax
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8757	gastric mucosal hypertrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7427	anthrax disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8747	subacute myeloid leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8743	erythema infectiosum
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7411	ovarian endometrioid cystadenofibroma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8741	seborrheic dermatitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6119	renal pelvis urothelial papilloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6118	renal pelvis inverted papilloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8778	Crohn's disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6115	lateral ventricle meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6113	intracerebral cystic meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6114	cerebral convexity meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7442	monoclonal gammopathy of uncertain significance
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6112	cerebral meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6110	jugular foramen meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8771	contagious pustular dermatitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7441	chronic metabolic polyneuropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7439	polyp of middle ear
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7437	uterus perivascular epithelioid cell tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7438	ovarian clear cell cystadenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7435	polyvesicular vitelline pattern testicular yolk sac tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7436	sarcomatoid uterine corpus endometrioid adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6102	herpetic gastritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6103	thoracic spinal canal and spinal cord meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6101	signet ring cell variant cervical mucinous adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8761	acute megakaryocytic leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7430	childhood germ cell brain tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6098	thalamic neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14107	De Quervain disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6089	pediatric leptomeningeal melanoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6088	acute stress disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6085	meningeal melanoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6086	malignant leptomeningeal tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14110	anus cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14111	median rhomboid glossitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6090	adult leptomeningeal melanoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14118	familial lipoprotein lipase deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14116	multiple symmetric lipomatosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14115	toxic shock syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7389	pulmonary artery leiomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6059	nasal vestibule papilloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7388	pulmonary vein leiomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6054	frontal sinus Schneiderian papilloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6052	central nervous system childhood germ cell tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6053	pediatric germ cell cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7390	superior vena cava leiomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7378	pituitary hypoplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7379	adrenal medulla carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6048	telangiectatic glomangioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6043	ciliary body spindle cell melanoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6041	choroid spindle cell melanoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6050	esophageal disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7381	lymphohistiocytoid mesothelioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7380	squamous cell papilloma of skin
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6083	childhood ovarian endodermal sinus tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6084	pediatric ovarian germ cell tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6082	pediatric testicular germ cell tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7398	cerebral primitive neuroectodermal tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6067	ovarian mucinous neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6065	urinary tract non-invasive transitional cell neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14192	bicipital tenosynovitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14188	frozen shoulder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14183	alcoholic neuropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14184	polyneuropathy due to drug
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14199	posterior dislocation of lens
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14165	bilateral hyperactive labyrinth
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14181	calcific tendinitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14179	X-linked agammaglobulinemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14176	selective IgG deficiency disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14177	congenital hypogammaglobulinemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14174	central neurocytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14175	von Hippel-Lindau disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14172	rheumatic congestive heart failure
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14145	malignant anus melanoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14146	ureterolithiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14140	pulp erosion
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14155	acute retrobulbar neuritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14152	spinal cord sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14150	spinal cord lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14151	spinal cord melanoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14159	obstructive hydrocephalus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14121	blue toe syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14125	abducens nerve neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14133	Masters-Allen syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14130	lateral cystocele
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14131	midline cystocele
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14139	anus lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8838	Hodgkin's lymphoma, nodular sclerosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7505	small intestine benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7506	small intestinal L-cell glucagon-like peptide producing tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7503	extrahepatic bile duct papillary adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7501	pediatric infratentorial ependymoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7502	pediatric supratentorial ependymoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8826	colon carcinoma in situ
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7527	acute gonococcal endometritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8858	tonsil cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7528	acute endometritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8857	lupus erythematosus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7521	breast myoepitheliosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7522	pediatric infratentorial ependymoblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8850	salivary gland cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7520	periductal breast myoepitheliosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7518	inhibited female orgasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7519	endocervical carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8849	sublingual gland cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7516	childhood central nervous system mixed germ cell tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7514	Wolffian adnexal neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7515	lumbar spinal canal and spinal cord meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7511	breast intraductal papillomatosis
http://www.geneontology.org/formats/oboInOwl#hasAlternativeId	has_alternative_id
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8805	intermediate coronary syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8802	trachea carcinoma in situ
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8800	lung carcinoma in situ
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6258	type 1 papillary adenoma of the kidney
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6259	type 2 papillary adenoma of the kidney
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6256	malignant growth hormone secreting neoplasm of pituitary
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7587	supraglottis squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6257	chromophil adenoma of the kidney
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7585	subglottis squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7586	supraglottis verrucous carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6255	growth hormone secreting pituitary adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7583	glottis verrucous carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7584	subglottis verrucous carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7591	gestational ovarian choriocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6249	mediastinum seminoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7578	breast scirrhous carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6245	renal oncocytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7577	pancreatic foamy gland adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7574	pancreatic intraductal papillary-colloid carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7575	pancreatic intraductal papillary-mucinous neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6244	familial renal oncocytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7571	malignant cystic nephroma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6278	ovarian mucinous malignant adenofibroma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6276	malignant ACTH producing neoplasm of pituitary gland
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6274	malignant thyroid stimulating hormone producing neoplasm of pituitary gland
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6275	TSH producing pituitary tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7598	cervical lymphoepithelioma-like carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7599	lymphoepithelioma-like thymic carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7596	asbestos-related lung carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6263	inflammatory breast carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6262	follicular dendritic cell sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6270	gastric cardia carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6271	gastric cardia adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7549	ceruminoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6217	gastric diffuse adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6214	ovarian papillary neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6212	ovarian endometrial cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6210	bladder diffuse clear cell adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7541	mixed epithelial/mesenchymal metaplastic breast carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7542	osteosarcoma arising in bone Paget's disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6211	mixed epithelial tumor of ovary
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8872	penis carcinoma in situ
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7540	breast apocrine adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6209	malignant mediastinum hemangiopericytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7538	breast ductal adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8869	neuromyelitis optica
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6208	mediastinal osteogenic sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7539	pregnancy adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7537	breast cystic hypersecretory carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8867	molluscum contagiosum
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8866	actinic keratosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6203	thyroid hyalinizing trabecular adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6204	follicular adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6201	pericardial mesothelioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8864	acute monocytic leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7532	squamous papillomatosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7533	subareolar duct papillomatosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8861	pulmonary subvalvular stenosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7531	anal gland adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6239	non-invasive bladder papillary urothelial neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7567	vulvar clear cell hidradenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7565	vulvar eccrine porocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7566	eccrine porocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6232	ovarian biphasic or triphasic teratoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8893	psoriasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6230	childhood teratoma of the ovary
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8892	pityriasis rosea
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6231	mature teratoma of the ovary
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6229	childhood mature teratoma of the ovary
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6227	articular cartilage disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7558	glossopharyngeal motor neuropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7559	asymmetric motor neuropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6228	peritoneal serous papillary adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6225	Cronkhite-Canada syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8886	chorioretinitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7553	infiltrating bladder urothelial carcinoma sarcomatoid variant
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8883	lower lip cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7551	gonorrhea
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8881	rosacea
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14223	ochronosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14221	abdominal obesity-metabolic syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14228	oligospermia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14227	azoospermia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14224	tracheal calcification
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14225	acute frontal sinusitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14233	orbital cyst
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14230	scleromalacia perforans
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14239	gastrointestinal tularemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14202	adult dermatomyositis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14203	childhood type dermatomyositis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14219	renal tubular acidosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14218	dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14213	hypophosphatasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6179	ovarian small cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6175	mediastinal neurilemmoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6166	prostatic urethra urothelial carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7497	brain ependymoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6167	prostatic urethral cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6162	childhood embryonal testis carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6163	familial renal papillary carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6171	uterine carcinosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6170	ovarian carcinosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6199	cornea cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6197	conventional malignant hemangiopericytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6198	corneal intraepithelial neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6195	conjunctivitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6196	reactive arthritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6193	epithelioid sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6192	malignant inflammatory fibrous histiocytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6190	rectum Kaposi's sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14291	Noonan syndrome with multiple lentigines
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14292	vulvar dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14289	Ebstein anomaly
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14286	neurogenic arthropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14287	brawny scleritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14284	patellofemoral pain syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14283	primary hypertrophic osteoarthropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14270	ascending cholangitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14264	benign neonatal seizures
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14265	pulmonary valve insufficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14262	oral candidiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14261	fragile X syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14268	sclerosing cholangitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14269	suppurative cholangitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14275	atrophic vulva
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14276	shoulder impingement syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14271	acute cholangitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14272	pericholangitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14244	epiphora due to excess lacrimation
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14245	cystoid macular retinal degeneration
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14243	chronic perichondritis of pinna
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14248	chronic atticoantral disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14247	chronic purulent otitis media
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14256	adult-onset Still's disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14253	retinal dystrophy in systemic or cerebroretinal lipidoses
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14251	vitreoretinal dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14252	dystrophies primarily involving the retinal pigment epithelium
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14250	Down syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9801	tuberculous peritonitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9809	hypersensitivity vasculitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9808	Goodpasture syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9828	neonatal abstinence syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9827	radioulnar synostosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9822	partial central choroid dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9821	choroideremia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9820	central gyrate choroidal dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9811	partial circumpapillary choroid dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9810	polyarteritis nodosa
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8557	oropharynx cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9888	alternating esotropia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7224	spinal meninges cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8556	vallecula cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7222	gallbladder pleomorphic giant cell adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7223	breast giant fibroadenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9884	muscular dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8553	pyoderma gangrenosum
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8552	chronic myeloid leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9883	Becker muscular dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7221	gallbladder papillary carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9880	cardiovascular syphilis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8549	chronic ulcer of skin
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9877	urethral gland abscess
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7213	transitional meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8545	malignant hyperthermia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8544	chronic fatigue syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7214	noninvasive malignant thymoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7211	fibrous meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8543	Hodgkin's lymphoma, lymphocytic-histiocytic predominance
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7212	meningothelial meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8541	Sezary's disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7210	psammomatous meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9870	galactosemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7246	lymphoepithelioma-like acinar prostate adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8578	soft palate cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8577	ulcerative colitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7244	bladder urachal urothelial carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8574	lichen disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7242	uterine corpus cellular leiomyoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8573	lichen nitidus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7241	uterine corpus apoplectic leiomyoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7237	pancreatic non-invasive mucinous cystadenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8568	infectious mononucleosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8567	Hodgkin's lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9898	villonodular synovitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7235	pancreatic mucinous cystadenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8566	herpes simplex
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7236	pancreatic invasive mucinous cystadenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7233	adult central nervous system embryonal carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8564	lip cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7234	mucinous cystadenocarcinoma of the pancreas
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7231	pediatric CNS embryonal cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7232	central nervous system embryonal carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9893	periodontosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9892	median arcuate ligament syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7230	postgerminal center chronic lymphocytic leukemia/small lymphocytic lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8519	barbiturate abuse
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9849	Meniere's disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8517	acute cor pulmonale
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9848	endolymphatic hydrops
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8516	pulmonary embolism and infarction
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9847	peripheral vertigo
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8515	Cor pulmonale
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8514	acute pulmonary heart disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8512	puerperal pulmonary embolism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9843	monofixation syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9842	total circumpapillary dystrophy of choroid
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9841	hypotropia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9840	esotropia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8508	subcorneal pustular dermatosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9839	accommodative esotropia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8507	juvenile dermatitis herpetiformis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9838	cyclotropia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9837	hypertropia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8506	bullous pemphigoid
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8505	dermatitis herpetiformis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8504	impetigo
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9835	refractive error
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9834	hyperopia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8503	impetigo herpetiformis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8502	bullous skin disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8501	fundus dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8500	hereditary retinal dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9869	hereditary fructose intolerance syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7206	melanomatosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8538	reticulosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9868	intestinal disaccharidase deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7207	lung combined large cell neuroendocrine carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8536	herpes zoster
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9867	toxic maculopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8534	gastroesophageal reflux disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7202	intermediate malignant teratoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8533	hypopharynx cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9861	miliary tuberculosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8529	ulcer of lower limbs
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8527	monocytic leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9858	deep keratitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9857	interstitial keratitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9856	congenital syphilis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9854	lingual-facial-buccal dyskinesia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7187	subacute lymphocytic thyroiditis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7188	autoimmune thyroiditis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7192	hereditary conventional renal cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7191	ovarian endometrioid cystadenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7179	mixed eosinophil-basophil adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7177	anal canal squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7174	anus basaloid carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7175	anal Buschke-Lowenstein tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7181	benign dermal neurilemmoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080009	X-linked dominant disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080008	ischemic bone disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080007	bone deterioration disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080006	bone development disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080005	bone remodeling disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080001	bone disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080000	muscular disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080019	metaphyseal dysplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080018	dysbaric osteonecrosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080016	spina bifida
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7198	maxillary sinus adenoid cystic carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080015	physical disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080014	chromosomal disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080012	X-linked recessive disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080011	bone resorption disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080010	bone structure disease
http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#relatedMatch	has related match
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7147	ankylosing spondylitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8478	actinomycosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080029	autosomal recessive spinocerebellar ataxia 16
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7148	rheumatoid arthritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080028	spondyloepimetaphyseal dysplasia, Strudwick type
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8476	Whipple disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7146	Langerhans cell sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080027	spondyloepimetaphyseal dysplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080026	otospondylomegaepiphyseal dysplasia, autosomal recessive
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7144	laryngeal small cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7141	prostate small cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8472	localized scleroderma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7142	thymus small cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8482	transient retinal arterial occlusion
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8481	rheumatic myocarditis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080021	Schmid metaphyseal chondrodysplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080020	Jansen's metaphyseal chondrodysplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7138	cystitis cystica
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7139	endometrial small cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8469	influenza
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7136	ampulla of Vater small cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9799	eye degenerative disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8466	retinal degeneration
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7134	esophagus small cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080039	axial osteomalacia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8465	retinoschisis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080038	pycnodysostosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7132	urinary bladder small cell neuroendocrine carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080037	Worth syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8464	flat retinoschisis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7133	gallbladder small cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9794	hereditary choroidal atrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080036	SOST-related sclerosing bone dysplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8463	corneal ulcer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8461	Aicardi syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080033	craniometaphyseal dysplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080032	craniodiaphyseal dysplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7140	Bartholin's gland small cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080031	fibrous dysplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080030	spondyloepimetaphyseal dysplasia, Missouri type
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7169	lung occult large cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8499	night blindness
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080049	acromesomelic dysplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8498	hereditary night blindness
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7168	lung occult adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7165	subacute thyroiditis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7166	thyroiditis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080047	pseudoachondroplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080046	Stickler syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080045	Kniest dysplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080044	hypochondrogenesis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7173	cloacogenic carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080043	achondrogenesis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080042	autosomal recessive spinocerebellar ataxia 18
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080041	hypochondroplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080040	fibrogenesis imperfecta ossium
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8488	polyhydramnios
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080059	autosomal recessive spinocerebellar ataxia 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080058	autosomal recessive spinocerebellar ataxia 14
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8485	mucormycosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8484	maple bark strippers' lung
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7152	prostate stromal sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080057	autosomal recessive spinocerebellar ataxia 15
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8483	retinal artery occlusion
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080056	achondrogenesis type II
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080055	achondrogenesis type IB
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080054	achondrogenesis type IA
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080053	Albright's hereditary osteodystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080052	acromesomelic dysplasia, Grebe type
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7160	rectum leiomyoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080051	acromesomelic dysplasia, Hunter-Thompson type
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080050	acromesomelic dysplasia, Maroteaux type
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080069	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080068	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080067	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080066	autosomal recessive spinocerebellar ataxia 20
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080065	autosomal recessive spinocerebellar ataxia 19
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080064	autosomal recessive spinocerebellar ataxia 17
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080063	autosomal recessive spinocerebellar ataxia 11
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080062	autosomal recessive spinocerebellar ataxia 13
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080061	autosomal recessive spinocerebellar ataxia 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080060	autosomal recessive spinocerebellar ataxia 12
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080079	nonsyndromic congenital nail disorder 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080078	hypophosphatemic nephrolithiasis/osteoporosis 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080077	hypophosphatemic nephrolithiasis/osteoporosis 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080076	Neu-Laxova syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080075	Neu-Laxova syndrome 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080074	neural tube defect
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080073	spina bifida occulta
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080072	intestinal pseudo-obstruction
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080071	mucolipidosis III alpha/beta
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080070	mucolipidosis II alpha/beta
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080089	tubular aggregate myopathy 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080087	nonsyndromic congenital nail disorder 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080086	nonsyndromic congenital nail disorder 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080085	nonsyndromic congenital nail disorder 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080084	nonsyndromic congenital nail disorder 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080083	nonsyndromic congenital nail disorder 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080082	nonsyndromic congenital nail disorder 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080081	nonsyndromic congenital nail disorder 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080080	nonsyndromic congenital nail disorder 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080099	myopathy, lactic acidosis, and sideroblastic anemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080098	myofibrillar myopathy 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080097	myofibrillar myopathy 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080096	myofibrillar myopathy 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080095	myofibrillar myopathy 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080094	myofibrillar myopathy 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080093	myofibrillar myopathy 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080092	myofibrillar myopathy 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080091	spheroid body myopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080090	reducing body myopathy 1A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9923	developmental coordination disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9912	hydrocele
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9911	infected hydrocele
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9910	central corneal ulcer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8619	recurrent hypersomnia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8618	oral cavity cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9948	residual stage corticosteroid-induced glaucoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8616	Peyronie's disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9946	steroid-induced glaucoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9945	constant exophthalmos
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9942	lymph node disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9939	dacryocystocele
http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#broadMatch	has broader match
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9938	dacryocystitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8607	herpetic whitlow
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9937	chronic dacryocystitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9936	chronic canaliculitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9935	chronic inflammation of lacrimal passage
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8602	gum cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8601	upper gum cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9931	Waterhouse-Friderichsen syndrome
http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/title	title
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9905	follicular mucinosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9903	meibomian cyst
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14092	renal artery atheroma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14089	root caries
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14087	epicondylitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9909	hordeolum
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9908	internal hordeolum
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14099	acquired gastric outlet stenosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14095	boutonneuse fever
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14096	infertility due to extratesticular cause
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6018	adult central nervous system immature teratoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6019	central nervous system immature teratoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7347	ovarian stromal hyperthecosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6016	adult central nervous system mature teratoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6017	central nervous system mature teratoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8677	perinatal necrotizing enterocolitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6015	adult central nervous system teratoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8672	viral exanthem
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7340	pediatric ovarian dysgerminoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8670	eating disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8680	alcoholic gastritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6003	aleukemic leukemia cutis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9997	peripartum cardiomyopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7334	nephrogenic adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6004	aleukemic leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7332	esophageal tuberculosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6001	breast fibrosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7333	nephrogenic adenoma of urinary bladder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8663	aryepiglottic fold cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9993	hypoglycemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8661	lip carcinoma in situ
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6000	congestive heart failure
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8660	postcricoid region cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6039	uveal melanoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6037	spindle cell intraocular melanoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7365	Kimura disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6034	heart malignant hemangiopericytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8696	subacute monocytic leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6032	juvenile type testicular granulosa cell tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7363	vulvar keratinizing squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6033	heart fibrosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8692	myeloid leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7371	superficial urinary bladder cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8689	anorexia nervosa
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8688	tonsillar pillar cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7356	rectum sarcomatoid carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6025	selective immunoglobulin deficiency disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8687	skin carcinoma in situ
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6024	selective IgE deficiency disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8683	myeloid sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7350	thymic dysplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8681	paraneoplastic polyneuropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8691	mycosis fungoides
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7360	solid pattern testicular yolk sac tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9969	carotenemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7305	astroblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8635	uvula cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8634	prostate carcinoma in situ
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9965	toxoplasmosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8633	chronic intestinal vascular insufficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8632	Kaposi's sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7302	endodermal sinus pattern testicular yolk sac tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8630	upper lip cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8628	Hodgkin's lymphoma, lymphocytic depletion
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9958	hemometra
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9957	periostitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9955	hypoplastic left heart syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9954	null-cell leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9953	mixed phenotype acute leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8622	measles
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9952	acute lymphoblastic leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7327	pseudosarcomatous fibromatosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8659	chickenpox
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7328	iris spindle cell melanoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080209	sideroblastic anemia with B-cell immunodeficiency, periodic fevers, and developmental delay
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080208	non-alcoholic fatty liver disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9988	tertiary neurosyphilis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9987	orbit sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080207	CAKUT2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7326	cranial pseudosarcomatous fasciitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9986	orbit lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080206	CAKUT1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080205	CAKUT
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8654	Hodgkin's lymphoma, mixed cellularity
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080204	renal hypoplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8651	Hodgkin's granuloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080202	adenoid cystic carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080201	Peters plus syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7320	ovarian serous cystadenofibroma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080200	bilateral renal aplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8649	tongue cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7319	axonal neuropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9978	acute female pelvic peritonitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9977	hallucinogen dependence
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080219	dystransthyretinemic hyperthyroxinemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8646	substance-induced psychosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7315	Jewett-Marshall bladder cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8645	subacute delirium
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080218	primary spontaneous pneumothorax
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9976	heroin dependence
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9975	cocaine dependence
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7312	breast adenomyoepithelial adenosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8644	gastroduodenitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080217	lysosomal and lipase deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080216	duodenal atresia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8643	duodenitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9974	drug dependence
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9973	substance dependence
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8642	Hodgkin's paragranuloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080215	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9972	hypervitaminosis A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080214	punctate palmoplantar keratoderma type I
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9971	hypervitaminosis D
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080213	punctate palmoplantar keratoderma type II
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9970	obesity
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080212	polycystic kidney disease 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080211	nodal marginal zone lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080210	primary mediastinal B-cell lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080109	infantile myofibromatosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080108	myoglobinuria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080107	microcephaly and chorioretinopathy 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080106	microcephaly and chorioretinopathy 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080105	microcephaly and chorioretinopathy 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080103	cylindrical spirals myopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080102	congenital fiber-type disproportion
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080101	Compton-North congenital myopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080100	congenital myopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080119	mitochondrial DNA depletion syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080118	mitochondrial complex III deficiency nuclear type 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080117	mitochondrial complex III deficiency nuclear type 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080116	mitochondrial complex III deficiency nuclear type 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080115	mitochondrial complex III deficiency nuclear type 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7297	childhood extraosseous osteosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080114	mitochondrial complex III deficiency nuclear type 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080113	mitochondrial complex III deficiency nuclear type 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080112	mitochondrial complex III deficiency nuclear type 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080111	mitochondrial complex III deficiency nuclear type 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080110	multiple pterygium syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080129	mitochondrial DNA depletion syndrome 11
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080128	mitochondrial DNA depletion syndrome 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080127	mitochondrial DNA depletion syndrome 8a
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080126	mitochondrial DNA depletion syndrome 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080125	mitochondrial DNA depletion syndrome 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080124	mitochondrial DNA depletion syndrome 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080123	mitochondrial DNA depletion syndrome 4b
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080122	Alpers-Huttenlocher syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080121	mitochondrial DNA depletion syndrome 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080120	mitochondrial DNA depletion syndrome 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080139	multiple congenital anomalies-hypotonia-seizures syndrome 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080138	multiple congenital anomalies-hypotonia-seizures syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080137	multiple endocrine neoplasia type 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080136	multiple mitochondrial dysfunctions syndrome 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080135	multiple mitochondrial dysfunctions syndrome 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080134	multiple mitochondrial dysfunctions syndrome 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080133	multiple mitochondrial dysfunctions syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080132	Sengers syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080131	mitochondrial DNA depletion syndrome 13
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080130	mitochondrial DNA depletion syndrome 12a
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7269	cribriform variant testicular seminoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080149	adult acute monocytic leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7266	familiar fallopian tube carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080148	T-cell childhood lymphoblastic lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7267	lung clear cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8596	scarlet fever
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080147	lymphoblastic lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080146	childhood B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080145	childhood T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7263	selective IgD deficiency disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080144	childhood acute lymphocytic leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8593	chronic monocytic leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080143	congenital fibrosis of the extraocular muscles
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080142	mosaic variegated aneuploidy syndrome 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080141	mosaic variegated aneuploidy syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080140	multiple congenital anomalies-hypotonia-seizures syndrome 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080159	Cryptococcal meningitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080158	herpes simplex virus keratitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8584	Burkitt lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080156	X-linked adrenal hypoplasia congenita
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080155	very long chain acyl-CoA dehydrogenase deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080154	short chain acyl-CoA dehydrogenase deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080153	medium chain acyl-CoA dehydrogenase deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8590	acute vascular insufficiency of intestine
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080150	adrenocorticotropic hormone deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7289	secretory uterine corpus endometrioid adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080169	tricuspid atresia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080167	myeloid and lymphoid neoplasms associated with FGFR1 abnormalities
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7284	Skene gland carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080166	myeloid and lymphoid neoplasms associated with PDGFRB rearrangement
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080165	myeloid and lymphoid neoplasms associated with PDGFRA rearrangement
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7293	mucin-rich endometrial endometrioid adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080164	myeloid and lymphoid neoplasms with eosinophilia and abnormalities of PDGFRA, PDGFRB, and FGFR1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080163	otulipenia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080162	lupus nephritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080161	cutaneous candidiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080160	Cytomegalovirus retinitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080179	haemophilus meningitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080178	mucositis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080177	hepatic veno-occlusive disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080176	meningococcal meningitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080175	cloacal exstrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7280	congenital epulis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080174	bladder exstrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080173	bladder exstrophy-epispadias-cloacal exstrophy complex
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7281	uterine corpus adenocarcinofibroma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080172	thiopurine S-methyltransferase deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080171	esophageal atresia/tracheoesophageal fistula
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080170	normophosphatemic familial tumoral calcinosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14070	vestibular nystagmus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080189	malignant hemangioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080188	chronic myelomonocytic leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080187	chronic neutrophilic leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14068	blackwater fever
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080186	nonmucinous bronchioloalveolar adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14069	cerebral malaria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14066	acute diffuse nephritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080185	mucinous bronchioloalveolar adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14067	Plasmodium falciparum malaria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080184	mixed mucinous and nonmucinous bronchioloalveolar adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080183	medullary colon carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14064	acute poststreptococcal glomerulonephritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080182	mixed fibrolamellar hepatocellular carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080181	PHARC syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080180	Zika virus congenital syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14080	glucocorticoid-remediable aldosteronism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14081	toxic labyrinthitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080199	colorectal carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080198	infantile histiocytoid cardiomyopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080197	congenital muscular dystrophy with cataracts and intellectual disability
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080196	mandibulofacial dysostosis, Guion-Almeida type
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080195	Marinesco-Sjogren syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14075	geniculate ganglionitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080194	Carey-Fineman-Ziter syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080193	superior semicircular canal dehiscence
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080192	relapsed/refractory diffuse large B-cell lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080191	PTEN hamartoma tumor syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080190	malignant epithelioid hemangioendothelioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14042	bipolar I disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14043	neonatal myasthenia gravis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14040	autoimmune polyendocrine syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14049	phaeohyphomycosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14059	paraurethral gland cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14022	algoneurodystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14021	Tietze's syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14026	folic acid deficiency anemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14033	malignant visceral pleura tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14032	malignant parietal pleura tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14039	POEMS syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14037	aorta atresia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14000	rubeosis iridis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14006	splenic artery aneurysm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14004	thoracic aortic aneurysm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14019	Brucella canis brucellosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14018	alcoholic liver cirrhosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5207	monodermal teratoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5209	benign struma ovarii
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7868	maxillary sinus inverted papilloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5208	malignant struma ovarii
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6536	plasma cell neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7867	adult central nervous system germinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5204	fructose-1,6-bisphosphatase deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6530	cortical thymoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5200	urinary tract obstruction
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6524	malignant ciliary body melanoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6525	choroid mixed cell melanoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6522	mixed cell uveal melanoma
http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/description	description
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6523	ciliary body mixed cell melanoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7851	pancreatic intraductal papillary-mucinous adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6559	ethmoid sinus Schneiderian papilloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5225	von Economo's disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5224	acute hemorrhagic encephalitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5221	chronic polyneuropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6553	posterior foramen magnum meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6554	ovarian clear cell malignant adenofibroma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5223	infertility
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6552	gastric small cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5222	acute necrotizing encephalitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7880	luteoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6548	angiomatous meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5214	demyelinating polyneuropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5213	chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyradiculoneuropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6547	heart lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7878	uterine corpus atypical polypoid adenomyoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7875	adult xanthogranuloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6543	acne
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5212	congenital disorder of glycosylation
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7826	adult papillary meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7827	adult extraosseous osteosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7824	spinal multifocal clear cell meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7825	chronic toxic polyneuropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7820	sphenocavernous meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7819	sphenoorbital meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7817	mixed astrocytoma-ependymoma-oligodendroglioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7818	petroclival meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6517	clivus meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7848	interdigitating dendritic cell sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7849	dendritic cell sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6518	Bartholin's gland adenomyoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6514	polyvesicular vitelline pattern ovarian yolk sac tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6511	glandular pattern ovarian yolk sac tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7843	female breast carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6512	hepatoid pattern ovarian yolk sac tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7840	pancreatic non-functioning delta cell tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7841	pediatric cerebral ependymoblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6510	lung occult squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6505	vaginal spindle cell epithelioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6500	cerebellar angioblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6501	brain stem angioblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7839	infiltrating nipple syringomatous adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5287	kidney leiomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5286	vulvar leiomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5289	uterus leiomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5288	larynx leiomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5283	vagina leiomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5282	prostate leiomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5285	breast leiomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5284	retroperitoneal leiomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5292	mediastinum leiomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5276	esophagus leiomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5275	gallbladder leiomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5272	small intestinal sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5271	small intestine leiomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5274	malignant dermis tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5273	cutaneous leiomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5280	gastric leiomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13306	diphtheritic cystitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13300	Scheuermann's disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5297	rectum leiomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5299	endometrial clear cell adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5293	extrahepatic bile duct leiomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5296	liver leiomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5295	intestinal disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6579	chest wall bone cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6575	childhood optic tract astrocytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6576	childhood optic nerve glioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6571	non-invasive bladder urothelial carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5241	hemangioblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5240	retinal hemangioblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060703	Muenke Syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060702	familial hypocalciuric hypercalcemia 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060701	familial hypocalciuric hypercalcemia 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060700	familial hypocalciuric hypercalcemia 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060707	lymphoproliferative syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060706	X-linked lymphoproliferative syndrome 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060705	X-linked lymphoproliferative syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060704	lymphoproliferative syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060708	lymphoproliferative syndrome 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5236	subungual glomus tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/doid#has_symptom	has_symptom
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6569	micropapillomatosis labialis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6566	posterior uveal melanoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5238	benign perivascular tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6567	uterine corpus myxoid leiomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6564	neurilemmoma of the pleura
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5232	aortic valve prolapse
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6562	ethmoid sinus inverted papilloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7894	mite infestation
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5233	glomangiosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7891	testicular spermatocytic seminoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5230	hepatoerythropoietic porphyria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060710	autosomal recessive congenital ichthyosis 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060714	autosomal recessive congenital ichthyosis 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060713	autosomal recessive congenital ichthyosis 4B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060712	autosomal recessive congenital ichthyosis 4A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060711	autosomal recessive congenital ichthyosis 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060718	autosomal recessive congenital ichthyosis 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060717	autosomal recessive congenital ichthyosis 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060716	autosomal recessive congenital ichthyosis 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060715	autosomal recessive congenital ichthyosis 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060719	autosomal recessive congenital ichthyosis 10
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5268	myxoid leiomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5265	lung leiomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5264	epithelioid leiomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6595	gastric tubular adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5267	anus leiomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5261	heart leiomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5260	colon sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6594	bladder colonic type adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5263	ovary leiomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5262	heart sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060720	autosomal recessive congenital ichthyosis 11
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060728	NGLY1-deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5258	granular cell leiomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5259	colon leiomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5254	central nervous system leiomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5253	conventional leiomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6587	invasive tubular breast carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6585	oncocytic breast carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6581	breast apocrine carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5251	inflammatory leiomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060732	chromosome 9p deletion syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060731	congenital central hypoventilation syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6590	spondylitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060730	torsion dystonia 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060736	epidermolysis bullosa simplex Ogna type
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060735	epidermolysis bullosa simplex Dowling-Meara type
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060733	junctional epidermolysis bullosa with pyloric atresia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060739	hand-foot-genital syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060738	junctional epidermolysis bullosa non-Herlitz type
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060737	junctional epidermolysis bullosa Herlitz type
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13252	mesenteric vascular occlusion
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13254	diverticulitis of colon
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13250	diarrhea
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13258	typhoid fever
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060639	permanent neonatal diabetes mellitus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060638	neonatal diabetes mellitus with congenital hypothyroidism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13268	porphyria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13269	hereditary coproporphyria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060640	ethylmalonic encephalopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060644	chondrodysplasia-pseudohermaphroditism syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060643	primary sclerosing cholangitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060642	recessive dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060641	endocrine-cerebro-osteodysplasia syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060648	anterior segment dysgenesis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060647	fetal encasement syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060646	congenital chylothorax
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060645	chronic recurrent multifocal osteomyelitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13239	internal pathological resorption
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13238	Haverhill fever
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060649	congenital hereditary endothelial dystrophy of cornea
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14566	disease of cellular proliferation
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060651	MYH-9 related disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060650	dicarboxylic aminoaciduria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060655	autosomal recessive congenital ichthyosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13241	Behcet's disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060654	lethal congenital contracture syndrome 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060653	lethal congenital contracture syndrome 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060652	familial erythrocytosis 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13240	tooth resorption
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060656	autosomal recessive congenital ichthyosis 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13249	pneumatosis cystoides intestinalis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13248	mucocele of appendix
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060669	cerebral cavernous malformation
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060668	anencephaly
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14547	sphenoid sinus squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14548	steroid-induced glaucoma - borderline
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14545	seminal vesicle adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14546	sphenoidal sinus cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14544	rete testis adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13214	hole retinal cyst
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5199	ureteral obstruction
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060673	Peters anomaly
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5195	peripheral nervous system ganglioneuroblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5194	intermixed schwannian stroma-rich ganglioneuroblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060672	Grn-related frontotemporal lobar degeneration with Tdp43 inclusions
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060671	cerebral cavernous malformation 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5196	fallopian tube adenomatoid tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060670	cerebral cavernous malformation 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060677	catecholaminergic polymorphic ventricular tachycardia 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060676	catecholaminergic polymorphic ventricular tachycardia 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13222	submucous uterine fibroid
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060675	catecholaminergic polymorphic ventricular tachycardia 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14550	root resorption
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060674	catecholaminergic polymorphic ventricular tachycardia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060679	catecholaminergic polymorphic ventricular tachycardia 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060678	catecholaminergic polymorphic ventricular tachycardia 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13227	retinal dystrophies primarily involving Bruch's membrane
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14559	anaerobic meningitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14557	primary pulmonary hypertension
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13223	uterine fibroid
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13226	oculoglandular tularemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14555	Foster-Kennedy syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070003	blastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070002	3-methylglutaconic aciduria type 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070005	Seckel syndrome 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070004	myeloid neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070007	Seckel syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070006	Seckel syndrome 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14529	external pathological resorption
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070009	Seckel syndrome 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070008	Seckel syndrome 10
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060680	pigment dispersion syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060684	autosomal dominant nocturnal frontal lobe epilepsy 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060683	autosomal dominant nocturnal frontal lobe epilepsy 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060682	autosomal dominant nocturnal frontal lobe epilepsy 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060681	autosomal dominant nocturnal frontal lobe epilepsy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060688	arteriovenous malformations of the brain
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060686	autosomal dominant nocturnal frontal lobe epilepsy 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060685	autosomal dominant nocturnal frontal lobe epilepsy 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060689	atrichia with papular lesions
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14525	Reye syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14523	Argyll Robertson pupil
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14524	senile degeneration of brain
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14522	partial arterial retinal occlusion
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070000	3-methylglutaconic aciduria type 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070014	autosomal dominant dyskeratosis congenita 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070013	Seckel syndrome 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070016	autosomal dominant dyskeratosis congenita 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070015	autosomal recessive dyskeratosis congenita 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070018	autosomal dominant dyskeratosis congenita 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070017	autosomal recessive dyskeratosis congenita 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13209	right bundle branch block
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070019	autosomal recessive dyskeratosis congenita 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060691	platelet-type bleeding disorder 16
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060690	autosomal dominant auditory neuropathy 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060695	hyperekplexia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060694	Cayman type cerebellar ataxia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060693	Brunner Syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060692	platelet-type bleeding disorder 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060699	familial hypocalciuric hypercalcemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060698	hyperekplexia 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060697	hyperekplexia 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13200	substernal goiter
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060696	hyperekplexia 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13206	nodular prostate
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13208	background diabetic retinopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13207	proliferative diabetic retinopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070010	Seckel syndrome 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14534	malignant cardiac peripheral nerve sheath neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14535	malignant cardiac germ cell tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070012	Seckel syndrome 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070011	Seckel syndrome 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070025	X-linked dyskeratosis congenita
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070024	autosomal recessive dyskeratosis congenita 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070027	CST3-related cerebral amyloid angiopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070026	Revesz syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070029	ITM2B-related cerebral amyloid angiopathy 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070028	APP-related cerebral amyloid angiopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070021	autosomal recessive dyskeratosis congenita 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070020	autosomal dominant dyskeratosis congenita 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070023	autosomal dominant dyskeratosis congenita 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070022	autosomal recessive dyskeratosis congenita 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070036	autosomal dominant non-syndromic intellectual disability 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070035	autosomal dominant non-syndromic intellectual disability 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070038	autosomal dominant non-syndromic intellectual disability 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070037	autosomal dominant non-syndromic intellectual disability 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070039	NESCAV syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070030	ITM2B-related cerebral amyloid angiopathy 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070032	autosomal dominant non-syndromic intellectual disability 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070031	autosomal dominant non-syndromic intellectual disability 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070034	autosomal dominant non-syndromic intellectual disability 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070033	autosomal dominant non-syndromic intellectual disability 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070047	Schuurs-Hoeijmakers Syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070046	Coffin-Siris syndrome 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070049	autosomal dominant non-syndromic intellectual disability 19
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070048	autosomal dominant non-syndromic intellectual disability 18
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070041	autosomal dominant non-syndromic intellectual disability 11
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070040	autosomal dominant non-syndromic intellectual disability 10
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7808	necrotic uveal melanoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070043	autosomal dominant non-syndromic intellectual disability 13
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070042	Coffin-Siris syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7806	adult spinal cord glioblastoma multiforme
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070045	Coffin-Siris syndrome 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070044	Coffin-Siris syndrome 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7807	choroid necrotic melanoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070058	Helsmoortel-Van Der Aa Syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070057	Coffin-Siris syndrome 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070059	autosomal dominant non-syndromic intellectual disability 29
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070050	autosomal dominant mental retardation 20
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070052	autosomal dominant non-syndromic intellectual disability 22
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070051	autosomal dominant non-syndromic intellectual disability 21
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070054	Vulto-van Silfout-de Vries syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070053	autosomal dominant non-syndromic intellectual disability 23
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070056	autosomal dominant non-syndromic intellectual disability 26
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070055	Xia-Gibbs Syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070069	autosomal dominant non-syndromic intellectual disability 39
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070068	autosomal dominant non-syndromic intellectual disability 38
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13295	crater-like holes of optic disc
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070061	autosomal dominant non-syndromic intellectual disability 31
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070060	autosomal dominant non-syndromic intellectual disability 30
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070063	autosomal dominant non-syndromic intellectual disability 33
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070062	Arboleda-Tham syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070065	autosomal dominant non-syndromic intellectual disability 35
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070064	autosomal dominant non-syndromic intellectual disability 34
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070067	White-Sutton syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070066	autosomal dominant non-syndromic intellectual disability 36
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070079	schizophrenia 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070070	autosomal dominant non-syndromic intellectual disability 40
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070072	autosomal dominant non-syndromic intellectual disability 42
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070071	autosomal dominant non-syndromic intellectual disability 41
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070074	autosomal dominant non-syndromic intellectual disability 44
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070073	autosomal dominant non-syndromic intellectual disability 43
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070078	schizophrenia 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070077	schizophrenia 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13276	Mycoplasma pneumoniae pneumonia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13271	cutaneous porphyria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13270	erythropoietic protoporphyria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070081	schizophrenia 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13272	Klebsiella pneumonia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070080	schizophrenia 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070083	schizophrenia 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070082	schizophrenia 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070085	schizophrenia 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070084	schizophrenia 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070087	schizophrenia 11
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070086	schizophrenia 10
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070089	schizophrenia 13
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070088	schizophrenia 12
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13282	intestinal tuberculosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070090	schizophrenia 14
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070092	schizophrenia 16
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070091	schizophrenia 15
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070094	oculocutaneous albinism type IA
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070093	schizophrenia 18
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070096	oculocutaneous albinism type II
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070095	oculocutaneous albinism type IB
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070098	oculocutaneous albinism type IV
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070097	oculocutaneous albinism type III
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070099	oculocutaneous albinism type V
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5327	retinal detachment
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6658	pulmonary large cell neuroendocrine carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6659	cervical large cell neuroendocrine carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5324	fallopian tube germ cell cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6657	breast large cell neuroendocrine carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6654	childhood central nervous system immature teratoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7986	cerebral falx meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5325	Roberts syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6652	diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7983	breast malignant eccrine spiradenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7984	sclerosing breast papilloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6648	adult pineoblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5313	vulvar alveolar soft part sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6643	Baastrup's syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7972	lymphoma-like variant infiltrating bladder urothelial carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6641	breast juvenile papillomatosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7971	microcystic variant infiltrating bladder urothelial carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5310	glycogen-rich clear cell breast carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5349	central nervous system adult germ cell tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4015	sarcomatoid carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6678	tooth and nail syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5345	testicular non-seminomatous germ cell cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4014	sarcomatoid transitional cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5348	adult endodermal sinus tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6676	Froelich syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6677	diffuse infiltrative lymphocytosis syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5342	childhood endodermal sinus tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4011	prostate transitional cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5341	pineal region yolk sac tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5344	testicular yolk sac tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4013	urethra transitional cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5343	central nervous system endodermal sinus tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4012	papillary transitional carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5340	anterograde amnesia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5339	cyclic hematopoiesis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4008	fallopian tube transitional cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4007	bladder carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5338	gingival hypertrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7998	hyperthyroidism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5334	paraphimosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4003	Schneiderian carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4006	bladder urothelial carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5337	epulis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7996	familial glomangioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4005	endometrial transitional cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7997	thyrotoxicosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4000	ovary transitional cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7994	central nervous system osteosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5331	testicular granulosa cell tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5330	dental pulp disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4001	ovarian carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7945	adult central nervous system mixed germ cell tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6612	leukocyte adhesion deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6613	vaginal villous adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7941	Barrett's adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6610	bone epithelioid hemangioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7949	stroma-dominant and stroma-poor composite ganglioneuroblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6605	classic variant of chromophobe renal cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7936	refractory T lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6606	eosinophilic variant of chromophobe renal cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6603	Kummell's disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7930	glandular-alveolar pattern testicular yolk sac tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6607	nervous system hibernoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6608	endobronchial leiomyoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7969	nested variant infiltrating bladder urothelial carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5306	bladder clear cell adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6639	pediatric CNS choriocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7967	lipid-cell variant infiltrating bladder urothelial carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5308	ampulla of Vater clear cell adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7968	plasmacytoid variant infiltrating bladder urothelial carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5307	urethra clear cell adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6634	adult central nervous system choriocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5302	uterine ligament clear cell adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5301	fallopian tube clear cell adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5304	ovarian clear cell adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5303	cervical clear cell adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7961	cervical non-keratinizing squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7962	tamoxifen-related endometrial lesion
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7960	malignant spiradenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5309	epithelial-myoepithelial carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6627	cervical adenoma malignum
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7958	sarcomatoid penile squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7959	duodenal gastrinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6621	cerebral angioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7953	nipple duct carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6620	X-linked hyper IgM syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7951	Schwannian stroma-rich and stroma-poor composite ganglioneuroblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6629	nipple carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13419	neurogenic bowel
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14749	methylmalonic acidemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4079	heart valve disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4078	tricuspid valve stenosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4073	pancreatic cystadenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4072	duodenum disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4075	bile duct cystadenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4074	pancreatic adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4080	tricuspid valve insufficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14748	Sotos syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13417	alexia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14743	trichorhinophalangeal syndrome type I
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14744	Partington syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13413	hepatic encephalopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4066	anus rhabdomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5396	prolactin producing pituitary tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4065	mixed type rhabdomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5398	lipoadenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4067	anus sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4062	testis sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5393	brain angioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5392	acidophil adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4061	testis rhabdomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4064	bile duct sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5395	functioning pituitary adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5394	prolactinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4071	duodenogastric reflux
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14759	autosomal recessive type IV Ehlers-Danlos syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14756	vascular type Ehlers-Danlos syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14757	Ehlers-Danlos syndrome hypermobility type
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14755	argininosuccinic aciduria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14753	isovaleric acidemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060802	syndromic X-linked intellectual disability Snyder type
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060801	MEHMO syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060800	syndromic X-linked intellectual disability 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060806	syndromic X-linked intellectual disability Hedera type
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14725	autosomal dominant microcephaly
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060805	Prieto syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14723	beta-ketothiolase deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060804	syndromic X-linked intellectual disability 12
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060803	syndromic X-linked intellectual disability 17
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060809	syndromic X-linked intellectual disability Claes-Jensen type
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060808	syndromic X-linked intellectual disability 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060807	syndromic X-linked intellectual disability Najm type
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14720	Ehlers-Danlos syndrome classic type 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13407	hypercalcemic sarcoidosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13409	perforation of bile duct
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4087	testicular pure germ cell tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4084	testicular trophoblastic tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4086	testicular germ cell tumor non-seminomatous
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4085	trophoblastic neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4090	agnosia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060813	syndromic X-linked intellectual disability Shrimpton type
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060812	syndromic X-linked intellectual disability Siderius type
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060811	syndromic X-linked intellectual disability Turner type
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060810	syndromic X-linked intellectual disability type 10
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060817	syndromic X-linked intellectual disability 34
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13404	uveoparotid fever
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14737	craniofrontonasal syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13403	neurosarcoidosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060816	corpus callosum agenesis-intellectual disability-coloboma-micrognathia syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13406	pulmonary sarcoidosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060815	Miles-Carpenter syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13405	cardiac sarcoidosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060814	Wilson-Turner syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14735	hereditary angioedema
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060819	syndromic X-linked intellectual disability Chudley-Schwartz type
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13402	skin sarcoidosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060818	syndromic X-linked intellectual disability Abidi type
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14731	Weaver syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13401	angioid streaks
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4037	necrotizing gastritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5368	Wolffian duct adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14705	Pfeiffer syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4038	granulomatous gastritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6696	synchronous multifocal osteogenic sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4033	bacterial gastritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5364	pulmonary coin lesion
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5363	myxoid liposarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6697	asynchronous multifocal osteogenic sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4035	lymphocytic gastritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4034	fungal gastritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6692	Barre-Lieou syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6693	testicular monophasic choriocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5362	focal epithelial hyperplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4031	eosinophilic gastroenteritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6691	Aagenaes syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4030	eosinophilic gastritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060820	syndromic X-linked intellectual disability Nascimento type
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060824	syndromic X-linked intellectual disability Raymond type
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060823	syndromic X-linked intellectual disability 94
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060822	syndromic X-linked intellectual disability Cabezas type
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060821	syndromic X-linked intellectual disability 14
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060828	X-linked intellectual disability-cardiomegaly-congestive heart failure syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060827	X-linked intellectual disability-psychosis-macroorchidism syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060826	syndromic X-linked intellectual disability Shashi type
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14701	propionic acidemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14702	branchiootorenal syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060825	Christianson syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4029	gastritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6687	Achenbach syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4028	angioma serpiginosum
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6688	autoimmune lymphoproliferative syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14717	centronuclear myopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4022	ureterocele
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5353	colonic disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6686	Achard syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6683	X-linked Aarskog syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4024	scirrhous adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4023	linitis plastica
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6682	spondylolisthesis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5351	ovarian primitive germ cell tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5350	ovarian endodermal sinus tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6680	Capgras syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060831	Griscelli syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060830	deafness-intellectual disability, Martin-Probst type syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060835	isolated microphthalmia 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060834	Griscelli syndrome type 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060833	Griscelli syndrome type 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060832	Griscelli syndrome type 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060839	isolated microphthalmia 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060838	isolated microphthalmia 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060837	isolated microphthalmia 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060836	isolated microphthalmia 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14711	FG syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4059	ovary rhabdomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5389	oxyphilic adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4058	gallbladder sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5386	lung adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4055	ectomesenchymoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5385	mixed cell adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4054	prostate sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4057	gallbladder rhabdomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5387	middle ear adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5382	Bartholin's gland adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4051	alveolar rhabdomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4050	mediastinum sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5381	bile duct adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4053	rectum rhabdomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5384	bile duct cystadenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060842	isolated microphthalmia 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060841	isolated microphthalmia 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060840	isolated microphthalmia 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4060	breast rhabdomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5391	bronchus adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5390	clear cell adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060844	Norrie disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060843	hereditary neuropathy with liability to pressure palsies
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060849	osteoporosis-pseudoglioma syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060848	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060847	Leri-Weill dyschondrosteosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5379	hemoglobin E disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4048	central nervous system rhabdomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5378	hemoglobin D disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4047	liver rhabdomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4049	mediastinum rhabdomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4044	skeletal muscle neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5375	hair follicle neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5374	pilomatrixoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4043	skeletal muscle cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4045	muscle cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5376	skin pilomatrix carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5370	breast hemangiopericytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5373	retroperitoneal hemangiopericytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060853	Potocki-Lupski syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060852	Pierson syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060851	pemphigus vulgaris
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060850	annular pancreas
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060857	septooptic dysplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060856	right atrial isomerism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060855	autosomal dominant pseudohypoaldosteronism type 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060854	autosomal recessive pseudohypoaldosteronism type 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060859	salmonellosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060858	hypotonia-cystinuria syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13374	fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12043	kernicterus due to isoimmunization
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060743	methylmalonic acidemia cblB type
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060742	methylmalonic acidemia cblA type
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060741	methylmalonic acidemia due to transcobalamin receptor defect
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060740	methylmalonic aciduria due to methylmalonyl-CoA mutase deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13375	temporal arteritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060747	Duane-radial ray syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060746	basal laminar drusen
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13372	alpha 1-antitrypsin deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060745	Doyne honeycomb retinal dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13371	scrub typhus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060744	Pendred Syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060749	familial temporal lobe epilepsy 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060748	familial temporal lobe epilepsy 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13378	Kawasaki disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060750	familial temporal lobe epilepsy 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060754	familial temporal lobe epilepsy 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060753	familial temporal lobe epilepsy 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12053	cryptococcosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060752	familial temporal lobe epilepsy 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12055	sarcoid meningitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13386	gastrointestinal anthrax
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060751	familial temporal lobe epilepsy 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13381	pernicious anemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060758	immunodeficiency with hyper-IgM type 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060757	sclerosteosis 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060756	sclerosteosis 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060755	familial temporal lobe epilepsy 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13382	megaloblastic anemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060759	immunodeficiency with hyper IgM type 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13389	labia majora carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060761	familial chronic myelocytic leukemia-like syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060760	immunodeficiency with hyper-IgM type 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13352	ego-dystonic sexual orientation
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060765	autosomal dominant Robinow syndrome 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060764	autosomal recessive Robinow syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13351	pedophilia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060763	X-linked juvenile retinoschisis 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13353	diffuse interstitial keratitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14683	Binder syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060762	lethal restrictive dermopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060769	T-cell immunodeficiency, congenital alopecia, and nail dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14681	Silver-Russell syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060768	Smith-Magenis syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060767	autosomal dominant Robinow syndrome 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060766	autosomal dominant Robinow syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12029	sympathetic ophthalmia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13359	Ehlers-Danlos syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12028	Conn's syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13356	senile ectropion
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14686	Axenfeld-Rieger syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14687	diastrophic dysplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13357	chondromalacia patellae
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060772	dextro-looped transposition of the great arteries 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060771	dextro-looped transposition of the great arteries 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060770	dextro-looped transposition of the great arteries
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060776	congenital diarrhea 5 with tufting enteropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14695	galactokinase deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060775	microvillus inclusion disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060774	congenital diarrhea
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14693	Clouston syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13365	reading disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14694	Johanson-Blizzard syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060773	cleft lip-palate-ectodermal dysplasia syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060779	congenital malabsorptive diarrhea 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14692	Smith-Lemli-Opitz syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060778	congenital diarrhea 7 with exudative enteropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12030	panuveitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060777	congenital secretory sodium diarrhea 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14699	thrombocytopenia-absent radius syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13366	Stiff-Person syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13369	tinea manuum
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13368	tinea profunda
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060783	ectrodactyly, ectodermal dysplasia, and cleft lip-palate syndrome 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060782	EEC syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060781	congenital secretory sodium diarrhea 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060780	congenital diarrhea 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060787	hypomyelinating leukodystrophy 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060786	hypomyelinating leukodystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12001	tracheal lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060785	adult-onset autosomal dominant demyelinating leukodystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060784	ectrodactyly, ectodermal dysplasia, and cleft lip-palate syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060789	hypomyelinating leukodystrophy 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060788	hypomyelinating leukodystrophy 10
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14669	acrodysostosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12003	trachea squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13333	hypertrophy of tongue papillae
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12002	trachea sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070100	oculocutaneous albinism type VII
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13336	congenital toxoplasmosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070113	Niemann-Pick disease type C1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070112	Niemann-Pick disease type B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070115	Meckel syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070114	Niemann-Pick disease type C2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070117	Meckel syndrome 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070116	Meckel syndrome 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070119	Meckel syndrome 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070118	Meckel syndrome 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060790	hypomyelinating leukodystrophy 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060794	hypomyelinating leukodystrophy 7 with or without oligodontia and-or hypogonadotropic hypogonadism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060793	hypomyelinating leukodystrophy 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060792	hypomyelinating leukodystrophy 11
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060791	hypomyelinating leukodystrophy 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13341	parasitic conjunctivitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060798	hypomyelinating leukodystrophy 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12010	anterior ischemic optic neuropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060797	hypomyelinating leukodystrophy 8 with or without oligodontia and-or hypogonadotropic hypogonadism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14671	multiple intestinal atresia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060796	hypomyelinating leukodystrophy 12
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060795	hypomyelinating leukodystrophy 13
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14670	hypertelorism, microtia, facial clefting syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060799	syndromic X-linked intellectual disability Lubs type
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13348	laryngeal cartilage cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14679	VACTERL association
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070111	Niemann-Pick disease type A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12016	frontal lobe neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070124	congenital nongoitrous hypothyroidism 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070123	congenital nongoitrous hypothyroidism 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070126	congenital nongoitrous hypothyroidism 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070125	congenital nongoitrous hypothyroidism 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070128	congenital nongoitrous hypothyroidism 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070127	congenital nongoitrous hypothyroidism 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070129	autosomal recessive cutis laxa type IID
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13310	diphtheritic peritonitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13316	exocrine pancreatic insufficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13317	hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070120	Meckel syndrome 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070122	Meckel syndrome 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070121	Meckel syndrome 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13313	pancreatic mucinous ductal ectasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070135	autosomal recessive cutis laxa type IA
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070134	autosomal recessive cutis laxa type IIA
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070137	autosomal recessive cutis laxa type IIB
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070136	autosomal dominant cutis laxa 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070139	autosomal recessive cutis laxa type IC
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070138	autosomal recessive cutis laxa type IIIB
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13327	anatomical narrow angle borderline glaucoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13326	chronic follicular conjunctivitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13329	toxic optic neuropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13328	diabetic cataract
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070131	autosomal dominant cutis laxa 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070130	autosomal dominant cutis laxa 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070133	autosomal recessive cutis laxa type IB
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070132	autosomal recessive cutis laxa type IIIA
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14654	prostatitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7903	intracranial chondrosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070146	hereditary sensory neuropathy type 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070145	hereditary sensory and autonomic neuropathy type 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070148	hereditary sensory neuropathy type 1B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070147	hereditary sensory neuropathy type 2C
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7902	adult extraosseous chondrosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070149	hereditary sensory and autonomic neuropathy type 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070140	autosomal recessive cutis laxa type IIC
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070142	autosomal dominant cutis laxa
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7907	mixed astrocytoma-ependymoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070141	autosomal recessive cutis laxa type II classic type
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070144	autosomal recessive cutis laxa type I
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070143	autosomal recessive cutis laxa type III
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070157	hereditary sensory and autonomic neuropathy type 1C
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070156	hereditary sensory neuropathy type 1D
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070159	hereditary sensory neuropathy X-linked
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070158	hereditary sensory neuropathy type 1E
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070151	hereditary sensory and autonomic neuropathy type 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070150	hereditary sensory and autonomic neuropathy type 2B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070153	hereditary sensory and autonomic neuropathy type 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070152	hereditary sensory and autonomic neuropathy type 1A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070155	hereditary sensory and autonomic neuropathy type 2A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070154	hereditary sensory neuropathy type 1F
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070168	spermatogenic failure 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070167	spermatogenic failure 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7926	epithelial malignant thymoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070169	spermatogenic failure 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7921	benign mediastinal psammomatous neurilemmoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7922	benign mediastinal neurilemmoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070160	atypical hereditary sensory neuropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070162	hereditary sensory and autonomic neuropathy type 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070161	hereditary sensory and autonomic neuropathy type 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070164	spermatogenic failure 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070163	spermatogenic failure 21
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7927	malignant type A thymoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070166	spermatogenic failure 20
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070165	spermatogenic failure 18
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7928	testis refractory cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070179	spermatogenic failure 14
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7915	cervical spinal canal and spinal cord meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070178	spermatogenic failure 10
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7912	mixed oligodendroglioma-astrocytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7910	maxillary sinus squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070171	spermatogenic failure 12
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070170	spermatogenic failure 19
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070173	spermatogenic failure 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070172	spermatogenic failure 15
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070174	spermatogenic failure 17
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070177	spermatogenic failure 22
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070176	spermatogenic failure 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070189	X-linked spermatogenic failure 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12087	deep corneal vascularisation
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070180	spermatogenic failure 11
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12084	transient arthropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070182	spermatogenic failure 13
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070181	spermatogenic failure 23
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070184	spermatogenic failure 16
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070183	spermatogenic failure 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070186	Y-linked spermatogenic failure 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070185	X-linked spermatogenic failure 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070188	spermatogenic failure 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070187	Y-linked spermatogenic failure 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12098	trigeminal neuralgia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070191	autosomal recessive chronic granulomatous disease cytochrome b-positive type II
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12096	sodoku disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070193	autosomal recessive chronic granulomatous disease cytochrome b-negative
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070192	autosomal recessive chronic granulomatous disease cytochrome b-positive type I
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070195	X-linked chronic granulomatous disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070194	autosomal recessive chronic granulomatous disease cytochrome b-positive type III
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070197	distal myopathy 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070196	infantile-onset distal myopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070199	Miyoshi muscular dystrophy 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070198	Miyoshi muscular dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12070	Dieulafoy lesion
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12064	mediastinum neurofibroma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13399	color blindness
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12072	pylorospasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8956	cowpox
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8955	sideroblastic anemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8947	diabetic retinopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7615	sarcomatosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8946	severe nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7613	sarcomatosis of the meninges
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7614	meninges sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7611	parathyroid oncocytic adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8943	lattice corneal dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7612	childhood intracortical osteosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8941	seborrheic infantile dermatitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7610	mixed cell type adenoma of parathyroid
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7646	multiple spinal canal and spinal cord meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6315	ovarian solid teratoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6316	Bartholin's gland adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6313	clivus chondroid chordoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6314	ovarian fetiform teratoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7642	cholangiolocellular carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7643	acantholytic squamous cell skin carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6312	clivus chordoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8970	subacute sclerosing panencephalitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7639	malignant granular cell skin tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8969	tonsillar fossa cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6307	ectopic thymus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7635	Gasserian ganglion meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7633	macular holes
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7634	suprasellar meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7631	adult ependymoblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7632	Cowper gland carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8913	dermatophytosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8912	tinea nigra
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7607	chief cell adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8937	Waldeyer's ring cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8936	plantar fascial fibromatosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7602	intracortical osteogenic sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7603	fibrosarcomatous osteosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7600	infiltrating bladder lymphoepithelioma-like carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8931	Evans' syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8930	retromolar area cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7608	parathyroid adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7609	parathyroid transitional clear cell adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8927	learning disability
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8925	primary thrombocytopenia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8924	autoimmune thrombocytopenic purpura
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8923	skin melanoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8920	leukoplakia of vagina
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8929	atrophic gastritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5048	posterior pituitary gland neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6379	diffuse meningeal melanocytosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5044	cardiac granular cell neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5047	neurohypophysis granular cell tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5046	mediastinal granular cell myoblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6376	hypersplenism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5041	esophageal cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5040	malignant granular cell esophageal tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5043	vulvar granular cell tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5042	malignant granular cell myoblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6381	anterior foramen magnum meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5050	Ehrlich tumor carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060901	Waldenstroem's macroglobulinemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060900	Parkinson's disease 14
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060904	legume allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060903	thrombosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060902	Norman-Roberts syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5039	myoblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7697	pancreatic ACTH hormone producing tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7698	non-functioning pancreatic endocrine tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6367	acral lentiginous melanoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6364	migraine
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7696	lung hilum cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5030	pineal parenchymal tumor of intermediate differentiation
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7693	abdominal aortic aneurysm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7694	bladder urachal adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5032	pineal gland cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5031	adult pineal parenchymal tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6370	hepatic osteogenic sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060911	karyomegalic interstitial nephritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5063	basosquamous carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5062	phencyclidine abuse
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5059	childhood cerebellar neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5056	adult cerebellar neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5058	rhabdoid meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6386	childhood brainstem astrocytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5057	papillary meningioma of the cerebellum
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5052	melioidosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6383	childhood brain stem glioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6339	vulvar eccrine adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6337	cerebellopontine angle meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6335	bilateral meningioma of optic nerve
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8997	polycythemia vera
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6333	adult intracranial malignant hemangiopericytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7664	endometrial mixed adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7665	non-gestational ovarian choriocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6334	anterior optic tract meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5003	eunuchism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6331	immature teratoma of ovary
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6332	adult malignant hemangiopericytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8991	cervix uteri carcinoma in situ
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8986	narcolepsy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7656	adult infiltrating astrocytic neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6322	tibial adamantinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7651	small-cell carcinoma of the ovary of hypercalcemic type
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7650	pulmonary type ovarian small cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5026	sclerosing hepatic carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7689	leptomeninges sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5022	aflatoxins-related hepatocellular carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7684	maxillary sinus adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6354	CLL/SLL
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7685	pancreatic non-invasive intraductal papillary-mucinous carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5016	hepatocellular clear cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7679	sphenoid sinus Schneiderian papilloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5015	fibrolamellar carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7678	sphenoid sinus inverted papilloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7675	testicular fibroma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6344	melanocytic psammomatous MPNST
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7676	testicular thecoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6345	malignant melanocytic neoplasm of the peripheral nerve sheath
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060864	patterned macular dystrophy 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060863	patterned macular dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060862	mal de Meleda
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060861	microphthalmia with limb anomalies
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060868	leukoencephalopathy with vanishing white matter
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060867	macrocephaly-autism syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060866	patterned macular dystrophy 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060865	patterned macular dystrophy 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060869	late-onset retinal degeneration
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13014	shipyard eye
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060871	autosomal dominant keratitis-ichthyosis-deafness syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060870	isolated growth hormone deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060875	isolated growth hormone deficiency type III
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060874	isolated growth hormone deficiency type IB
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060873	isolated growth hormone deficiency type IA
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060872	isolated growth hormone deficiency type II
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14353	acute thyroiditis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14350	suppurative thyroiditis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060879	primary hypomagnesemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060878	hypoparathyroidism-deafness-renal disease syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14351	Riedel's fibrosing thyroiditis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060877	bullous congenital ichthyosiform erythroderma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13026	lobomycosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13025	retinopathy of prematurity
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13027	transient global amnesia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070201	Miyoshi muscular dystrophy 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070200	Miyoshi muscular dystrophy 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070203	familial partial lipodystrophy type 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070202	familial partial lipodystrophy type 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070205	familial partial lipodystrophy type 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070204	familial partial lipodystrophy type 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070207	familial partial lipodystrophy type 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070206	familial partial lipodystrophy type 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070209	hereditary lymphedema ID
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070208	hereditary lymphedema IC
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060882	renal hypomagnesemia 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060881	renal hypomagnesemia 5 with ocular involvement
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060880	renal hypomagnesemia 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060886	osteopathia striata with cranial sclerosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060885	renal hypomagnesemia 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060884	renal hypomagnesemia 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14320	generalized anxiety disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060883	intestinal hypomagnesemia 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060889	prune belly syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060888	transient myeloproliferative syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060887	ossification of the posterior longitudinal ligament of spine
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14325	mixed malaria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14323	Marfan syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14324	Plasmodium malariae malaria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070212	hereditary lymphedema I
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070211	hereditary lymphedema IB
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070214	familial hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070213	hereditary lymphedema II
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070216	familial hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070215	familial hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070218	familial hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070217	familial hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070219	familial hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060893	juvenile-onset Parkinson's disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060892	late onset Parkinson's disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060891	Parkinson's disease 19A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060890	ectopic Cushing syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060897	Parkinson's disease 17
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14332	postencephalitic Parkinson disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060896	Parkinson's disease 23
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060895	Parkinson's disease 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13002	subclavian steal syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14330	Parkinson's disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060894	early-onset Parkinson's disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13001	carotid stenosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060898	Parkinson's disease 20
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14336	estrogen excess
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13003	vertebrobasilar insufficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070210	hereditary lymphedema IA
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13005	intra-abdominal lymph node mast cell malignancy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070223	progressive familial intrahepatic cholestasis 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070222	progressive familial intrahepatic cholestasis 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070225	progressive familial intrahepatic cholestasis 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070224	progressive familial intrahepatic cholestasis 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070227	intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070226	progressive familial intrahepatic cholestasis 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070229	intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070228	intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6297	viral esophagitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6294	corpus callosum lipoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14308	skin epithelioid hemangioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14305	tuberculous empyema
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070221	progressive familial intrahepatic cholestasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070220	familial hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070234	Loeys-Dietz syndrome 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070233	Loeys-Dietz syndrome 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070236	Loeys-Dietz syndrome 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070235	Loeys-Dietz syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070238	primary coenzyme Q10 deficiency 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070237	Loeys-Dietz syndrome 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070239	primary coenzyme Q10 deficiency 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6285	heart lipoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6286	childhood cerebellar astrocytic neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6284	epicardium lipoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6293	central nervous system lipoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6291	cerebral hemisphere lipoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14319	pleuropneumonia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070230	benign recurrent intrahepatic cholestasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070232	benign recurrent intrahepatic cholestasis 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070231	benign recurrent intrahepatic cholestasis 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070245	primary coenzyme Q10 deficiency 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070244	primary coenzyme Q10 deficiency 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070247	autosomal dominant Emery-Dreifuss muscular dystrophy 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070246	X-linked Emery-Dreifuss muscular dystrophy 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070249	autosomal dominant Emery-Dreifuss muscular dystrophy 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070248	autosomal recessive Emery-Dreifuss muscular dystrophy 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070241	primary coenzyme Q10 deficiency 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070240	primary coenzyme Q10 deficiency 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070243	primary coenzyme Q10 deficiency 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070242	primary coenzyme Q10 deficiency 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070256	congenital disorder of glycosylation type IId
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070255	congenital disorder of glycosylation type IIc
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070258	congenital disorder of glycosylation type IIf
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070257	congenital disorder of glycosylation type IIe
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070259	congenital disorder of glycosylation type IIg
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070250	autosomal dominant Emery-Dreifuss muscular dystrophy 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070252	autosomal dominant Emery-Dreifuss muscular dystrophy 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070251	X-linked Emery-Dreifuss muscular dystrophy 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070254	congenital disorder of glycosylation type IIb
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070253	congenital disorder of glycosylation type IIa
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070267	congenital disorder of glycosylation type IIo
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070266	congenital disorder of glycosylation type IIn
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070269	congenital disorder of glycosylation type IIq
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070268	congenital disorder of glycosylation type IIp
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13099	Moyamoya disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13098	central retinal artery occlusion
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13095	vertebral artery insufficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13094	branch retinal artery occlusion
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13097	intracranial arteriosclerosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13096	Sneddon syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070261	congenital disorder of glycosylation type IIi
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070260	congenital disorder of glycosylation type IIh
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070263	congenital disorder of glycosylation type IIk
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070262	congenital disorder of glycosylation type IIj
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070265	congenital disorder of glycosylation type IIm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070264	congenital disorder of glycosylation type IIl
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070278	primary autosomal recessive microcephaly 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070277	primary autosomal recessive microcephaly 15
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070279	primary autosomal recessive microcephaly 14
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070270	hereditary nonpolyposis colorectal cancer type 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070272	hereditary nonpolyposis colorectal cancer type 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070271	Lynch syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070274	hereditary nonpolyposis colorectal cancer type 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070273	hereditary nonpolyposis colorectal cancer type 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070276	hereditary nonpolyposis colorectal cancer type 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070275	hereditary nonpolyposis colorectal cancer type 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070289	primary autosomal recessive microcephaly 16
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070288	primary autosomal recessive microcephaly 17
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13080	Jaccoud's syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13081	hemangioma of subcutaneous tissue
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13078	eumycotic mycetoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13072	acquired hyperkeratosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13074	tinea unguium
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070281	primary autosomal recessive microcephaly 19
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070280	primary autosomal recessive microcephaly 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070283	primary autosomal recessive microcephaly 13
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070282	primary autosomal recessive microcephaly 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070285	primary autosomal recessive microcephaly 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070284	primary autosomal recessive microcephaly 12
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070287	primary autosomal recessive microcephaly 11
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070286	primary autosomal recessive microcephaly 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070299	multiple epiphyseal dysplasia 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13088	periventricular leukomalacia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13087	Lown-Ganong-Levine syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13089	intracranial arterial disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070290	primary autosomal recessive microcephaly 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070292	primary autosomal recessive microcephaly 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070291	primary autosomal recessive microcephaly 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070294	primary autosomal recessive microcephaly 10
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070293	primary autosomal recessive microcephaly 2 with or without cortical malformations
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070296	primary autosomal recessive microcephaly
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070295	primary autosomal dominant microcephaly 18
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070298	multiple epiphyseal dysplasia 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070297	primary microcephaly
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13060	traumatic glaucoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/doid#results_in	results_in
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14384	parietal lobe neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13050	corpus luteum cyst
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13068	renal osteodystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14397	protozoal dysentery
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14392	thrombophlebitis migrans
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14365	systemic primary carnitine deficiency disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13033	balanitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13035	louse-borne relapsing fever
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13034	relapsing fever
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13031	balanoposthitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13037	mechanical lagophthalmos
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13036	tick-borne relapsing fever
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13038	cicatricial lagophthalmos
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14374	norwegian scabies
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13046	acute sphenoidal sinusitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13042	persistent fetal circulation syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6419	tetralogy of Fallot
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7747	pediatric extraocular retinoblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6407	ovarian surface papilloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6408	ovary papillary carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6405	ovarian papillary cystadenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7736	retinal telangiectasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6406	double outlet right ventricle
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7735	pancreatic colloid cystadenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6404	metanephric adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7732	childhood malignant schwannoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7733	signet ring cell intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7731	childhood malignant hemangiopericytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6438	malignant choroid melanoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5104	testicular infarct
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7765	Coats disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7763	carcinoma of supraglottis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5100	middle ear disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6432	pulmonary hypertension
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7764	subglottis carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5102	inner ear cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5101	ear cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7762	childhood multilocular cystic kidney neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6428	cervical adenoid basal carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7756	neonatal leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6425	eyelid carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7757	childhood leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6423	childhood central nervous system mature teratoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7752	extrahepatic biliary papillomatosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7750	adult brain ependymoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6420	pulmonary valve stenosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7707	rectum signet ring adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7708	perianal skin Paget's disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7725	epilepsy with generalized tonic-clonic seizures
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7729	acinar cell cystadenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7716	mixed ductal-endocrine carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7717	colloid carcinoma of the pancreas
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7713	tuberculum sellae meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7718	osteoclast-like giant cell neoplasm of the pancreas
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5169	ovarian endometrioid stromal sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14507	peripheral degeneration of cornea
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5166	endometrial stromal tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6498	seborrheic keratosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5165	uterine corpus sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6496	extraskeletal myxoid chondrosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5162	arteriolosclerosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6494	pediatric myxoid chondrosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6495	adult myxoid chondrosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5161	Monckeberg arteriosclerosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6492	breast epithelioid hemangioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5171	vaginal endometrial stromal tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5170	vaginal endometrial stromal sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14503	neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14504	Niemann-Pick disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14501	Sjogren-Larsson syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14502	cholesterol ester storage disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14500	fucosidosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5158	pleural cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6489	periosteal osteogenic sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5155	multiple mucosal neuroma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5154	borna disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5157	benign pleural mesothelioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5151	plexiform neurofibroma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6483	rete testis adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6484	mediastinal melanocytic neurilemmoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5150	neurofibroma of gallbladder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6481	bladder signet ring cell adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5153	atypical neurofibroma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5152	cellular neurofibroma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6482	lung acinar adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6491	breast capillary hemangioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5160	arteriosclerosis obliterans
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14515	WAGR syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14512	candidal paronychia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5189	epithelial predominant Wilms' tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5183	hereditary Wilms' tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5191	stromal predominant kidney Wilms' tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5190	cervical Wilms' tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5193	nodular ganglioneuroblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5176	renal Wilms' tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5179	mixed cell type kidney Wilms' tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5178	metachronous kidney Wilms' tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5172	endometrium carcinoma in situ
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5182	blastema predominant kidney Wilms' tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5129	simple partial epilepsy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6458	cerebellar liponeurocytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5126	central nervous system leiomyoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6459	lipoma of the rectum
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5125	extrahepatic bile duct leiomyoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7787	breast osteosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5128	deep leiomyoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5127	bizarre leiomyoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6457	Cowden syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7788	adult spinal cord ependymoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5124	fallopian tube leiomyoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5123	mediastinum leiomyoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6451	central nervous system fibrosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5119	ovarian cyst
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5118	ovarian cystic teratoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6448	vulvar apocrine adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5117	dermoid cyst of ovary
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6445	ovarian endometrioid malignant adenofibroma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6446	ceruminous adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5113	nutritional deficiency disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5112	copper deficiency myelopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5147	dartoic leiomyoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5149	epithelioid neurofibroma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6476	clear cell variant infiltrating bladder urothelial carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5143	large bowel leiomyoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6477	invasive bladder transitional cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5146	appendix leiomyoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6474	childhood teratocarcinoma of the testis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5140	gallbladder leiomyoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5142	vulvar leiomyoma
http://purl.org/dc/terms/license	license
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5137	pericardium leiomyoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6469	ovarian mucinous adenofibroma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5136	lung leiomyoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5139	cellular leiomyoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5138	leiomyomatosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6468	mucinous cystadenofibroma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5132	leiomyoma cutis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5134	anus leiomyoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6460	large intestine lipoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070300	multiple epiphyseal dysplasia 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070302	multiple epiphyseal dysplasia 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070301	multiple epiphyseal dysplasia 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070304	multiple epiphyseal dysplasia 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070303	multiple epiphyseal dysplasia 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070306	post-cardiac arrest syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070305	multiple epiphyseal dysplasia due to collagen 9 anomaly
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070308	rippling muscle disease 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070307	craniolenticulosutural dysplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070309	absence epilepsy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14464	neuroleptic malignant syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13134	hordeolum externum
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14463	cavernous hemangioma of orbit
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13133	HELLP syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13139	crescentic glomerulonephritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13135	exophthalmic ophthalmoplegia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13138	acute proliferative glomerulonephritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13137	Werdnig-Hoffmann disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070311	oligoasthenoteratozoospermia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070310	drug-induced hearing loss
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070313	thiamine deficiency disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070315	hypoplastic right heart syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070314	obstructive nephropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070317	wet beriberi
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070316	Miura type epiphyseal chondrodysplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070319	miliaria pustulosa
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070318	dry beriberi
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13143	benign secondary hypertension
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13145	benign renovascular hypertension
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14472	hantavirus pulmonary syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13141	uveitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13140	suppurative uveitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13147	fungal esophagitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13146	esophageal candidiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13148	acute cystitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070322	pediatric hepatocellular carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070321	miliaria crystallina
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070324	systemic Epstein-Barr virus-positive T-cell lymphoma of childhood
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070323	childhood acute myeloid leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070326	spitzoid melanoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070325	malignant pediatric adrenal gland pheochromocytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070328	adult hepatocellular carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070327	melanoma in congenital melanocytic nevus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070329	mitochondrial DNA depletion syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13110	bladder squamous papilloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14443	cholinergic urticaria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13112	mechanical entropion
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13117	paronychia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14448	46,XY sex reversal
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14449	mixed gonadal dysgenesis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14447	gonadal dysgenesis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13113	cicatricial entropion
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14444	sclerosing keratitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070320	miliaria profunda
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14445	chronic closed-angle glaucoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070333	breast implant-associated anaplastic large cell lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070332	multiple mitochondrial dysfunctions syndrome 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070335	celery allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070334	vegetable allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070337	epithelial recurrent erosion dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070339	cerebellar hyplasia/atrophy, epilepsy, and global developmental delay
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070338	cerebellar hypoplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14453	farmer's lung
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13121	deficiency anemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13120	protein-deficiency anemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14451	hyperkalemic periodic paralysis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14452	hypokalemic periodic paralysis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14450	46 XX gonadal dysgenesis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13129	severe pre-eclampsia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14459	hemangioma of orbit
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14457	Brucella abortus brucellosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070331	mitochondrial DNA depletion syndrome 8b
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13127	gonococcal spondylitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14456	Brucella melitensis brucellosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070330	multiple mitochondrial dysfunctions syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070344	ocular tuberculosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070343	CSF1R-related brain malformation and osteopetrosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070346	neurodevelopmental disorder with cataracts, poor growth, and dysmorphic facies
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070345	vertebral anomalies and variable endocrine and T-cell dysfunction
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070348	spinal muscular atrophy with lower extremity predominance
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070347	encephalopathy due to defective mitochondrial and peroxisomal fission 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070349	spinal muscular atrophy with lower extremity predominance 2A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5088	mixed epithelial stromal tumour
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5093	thoracic cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5090	sternum cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14427	abnormality of glucagon secretion
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070340	classic citrullinemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14422	dipetalonemiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070342	adult-onset type II citrullinemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070341	neonatal-onset type II citrullinemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14423	glossopharyngeal neuralgia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070354	cataract 48
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070357	nephrotic syndrome type 20
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070356	visual impairment and progressive phthisis bulbi
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5078	ganglioglioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5077	subependymal giant cell astrocytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5074	malignant ependymoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5076	mixed glioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5075	myxopapillary ependymoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5083	iodine hypothyroidism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5082	liver cirrhosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13100	intracranial vasospasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13109	bladder leiomyoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14435	chronic tubotympanic suppurative otitis media
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070351	spinal muscular atrophy with lower extremity predominance 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070350	spinal muscular atrophy with lower extremity predominante 2B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070353	cataract 47
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0070352	stress-induced childhood-onset neurodegeneration with variable ataxia and seizures
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14402	critical illness polyneuropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14400	capillary leak syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5099	middle ear cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14418	dracunculiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14415	Legg-Calve-Perthes disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14413	labyrinthine bilateral reactive loss
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13198	endemic goiter
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13197	nodular goiter
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13196	lingual goiter
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13195	nontoxic goiter
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13174	dissociated nystagmus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13186	megaesophagus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13189	gout
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13185	esophageal diverticulosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14484	sporotrichosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14482	pemphigoid gestationis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14483	chorea gravidarum
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13159	scrotum squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14489	ureteral lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14497	Wolman disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14498	lipoid proteinosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14495	dumping syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13166	allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13160	scrotum melanoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14491	regional ureteric cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13169	spermatic cord cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13168	prepuce cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14499	Fabry disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3029	colon mucinous adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4359	amelanotic melanoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3024	prostatic acinar adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3025	acinar cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5688	Werner syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4352	ciliary body cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5683	hereditary breast ovarian cancer syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3021	acute kidney failure
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4353	ciliary body disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5684	spondyloepimetaphyseal dysplasia, Sponastrime type
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5681	ovarian embryonal carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5680	embryonal testis carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3017	breast sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13709	premature ejaculation
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5679	retinal disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3013	intraductal breast benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5675	cribriform carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4347	lymphocele
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5678	nerve fibre bundle defect
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5677	extragonadal nonseminomatous germ cell tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3016	breast malignant phyllodes tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4346	variegate porphyria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5672	large intestine cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3010	lobular neoplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3011	breast granular cell tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3012	Li-Fraumeni syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5670	comedo carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4378	peanut allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3047	Wissler-Fanconi syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4377	egg allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3049	Churg-Strauss syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4379	nut allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3042	allergic contact dermatitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4374	silo filler's disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3044	food allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4376	milk allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4370	stomach diverticulosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4372	intracranial embolism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4371	Schnitzler syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3039	cecum adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4367	apparent mineralocorticoid excess syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5698	fibroblastic liposarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5697	liposarcoma of the ovary
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5699	kidney liposarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3038	submucosal invasive colon adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5694	esophagus liposarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4362	cervical cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5693	adult liposarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5696	larynx liposarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3033	colon signet ring adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4364	malignant breast melanoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5695	pediatric liposarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5690	well-differentiated liposarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5692	cellular myxoid liposarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3030	mucinous adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4360	epithelioid cell melanoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5691	visual cortex disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6977	pancreatic cholera
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5648	choroid plexus carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5643	urethral villous adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6975	bladder urothelial papillary carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5642	localized pulmonary fibrosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6976	micropapillary variant infiltrating bladder urothelial carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5644	tricuspid valve prolapse
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4313	epidermolysis bullosa acquisita
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5641	diffuse pulmonary fibrosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4310	smooth muscle tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6970	acute inflammation of lacrimal passage
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_780	placenta disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_784	chronic kidney disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_782	renal infectious disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_783	end stage renal disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_786	laryngeal disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4305	bone giant cell tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5636	cervical adenosquamous carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5635	gastric adenosquamous carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4304	signet ring basal cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6969	acute canaliculitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5638	malignant giant cell tumor of soft parts
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4307	polyradiculopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5637	pancreatic adenosquamous carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4306	radiculopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5632	optic nerve sheath meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4301	vulva basal cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4300	superficial basal cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5631	endometrial adenosquamous carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5634	adenosquamous prostate carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4303	sarcomatoid basal cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4302	cystic basal cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6961	Bartholin's gland squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5630	Bartholin's gland adenosquamous carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_790	ocular hypotension
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_799	varicose veins
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5639	rete testis neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4308	polyradiculoneuropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4337	tinea capitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3007	breast ductal carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3008	invasive ductal carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3009	breast neuroendocrine neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5665	external ear cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3002	ovary neuroendocrine neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6997	intermediate cell type ciliary body melanoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4334	splenic manifestation of prolymphocytic leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3003	nipple benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6998	gallbladder mucinous carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4333	parovarian cyst
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5667	sweat gland carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4336	tinea favosa
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3004	breast myoepithelial neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6996	intermediate cell type choroid melanoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4330	non-Langerhans-cell histiocytosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6993	iris mixed cell melanoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6994	malignant iris melanoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5660	lymphoepithelioma-like carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5662	pleomorphic carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3001	female reproductive endometrioid cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6992	intraocular mixed cell type melanoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4331	burning mouth syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5658	lipid-rich carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4327	Marburg hemorrhagic fever
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4329	Erdheim-Chester disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6988	peripheral epithelioid sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4323	epidermolytic acanthoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4322	pilar sheath acanthoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5656	cranial nerve disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4325	Ebola hemorrhagic fever
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5655	chiasmal syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4324	acantholytic acanthoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4321	large cell acanthoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4320	non-gestational choriocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050899	brain stem medulloblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_749	active peptic ulcer disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_746	adenomatoid tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11119	Gilles de la Tourette syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050896	bone squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050895	bone ameloblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050898	phalanx chondroma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050897	bone chondrosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13778	chancroid
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050892	adrenal gland pheochromocytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13777	epidermodysplasia verruciformis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050891	adrenal cortical adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050894	ameloblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12449	aplastic anemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050893	gallbladder adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11111	hydronephrosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13774	Addison's disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_745	epididymis adenomatoid tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050890	synucleinopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12445	conjugate gaze palsy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13775	plantar wart
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_743	dermatographia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050889	non-syndromic intellectual disability
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050888	syndromic intellectual disability
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_758	situs inversus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050885	IMAGe syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050884	triosephosphate isomerase deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050887	Townes-Brocks syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050886	Troyer syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3098	small cell sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3093	nervous system cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3095	germ cell and embryonal cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3096	stenosis of lacrimal sac
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12450	pancytopenia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13781	hypermobility syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11120	psychologic dyspareunia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12451	sulfhemoglobinemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11121	pulpitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050881	inclusion body myopathy with Paget disease of bone and frontotemporal dementia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13789	staphyloma posticum
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11126	acquired thrombocytopenia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050880	Koolen de Vries syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_752	peptic ulcer perforation
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13788	equatorial staphyloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050883	infantile cerebellar-retinal degeneration
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_750	peptic ulcer disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11129	dislocation of ear ossicle
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050882	spinocerebellar ataxia type 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11123	Henoch-Schoenlein purpura
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13787	localized anterior staphyloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_754	bladder tuberculosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11125	qualitative platelet defect
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050877	pancreatic agenesis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_768	retinoblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_769	neuroblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050879	fragile X-associated tremor/ataxia syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050873	follicular lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050876	Caroli disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13756	epiphora due to insufficient drainage
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050870	pulmonary adenocarcinoma in situ
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12424	thyrocalcitonin secretion disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050872	large cell neuroendocrine carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050871	fibroma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13757	excessive tearing
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_767	muscular atrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050866	oral squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050869	villous adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050868	hepatocellular adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050863	arteritic anterior ischemic optic neuropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050862	pyometritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050865	tongue squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050864	non-arteritic anterior ischemic optic neuropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13760	Pthirus pubis infestation
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13767	clonorchiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11104	spotted fever
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_774	retina lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11105	fundus albipunctatus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050861	colorectal adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_771	retinal cell cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050860	colorectal adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13768	opisthorchiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11100	Q fever
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_778	delusional disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11101	trench fever
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_775	intraocular lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11102	bartonellosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11103	rickettsialpox
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050856	oppositional defiant disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_705	Leber hereditary optic neuropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050855	renal fibrosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050858	Marshall-Smith syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050857	Perrault syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3068	glioblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13738	hepatic infarction
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050852	limb ischemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3069	astrocytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_709	splenic manifestation of hairy cell leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050851	glomerulosclerosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4399	acneiform dermatitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050854	Muckle-Wells syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_706	mature B-cell neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13739	nutmeg liver
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050853	chronic venous insufficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_707	B-cell lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4398	pustulosis of palm and sole
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4397	granulomatous dermatitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050859	hemorrhagic cystitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4394	reticulohistiocytic granuloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3070	malignant glioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12403	tinea pedis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12402	pyromania
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13736	uterine inflammatory disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050850	diabetic encephalopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_700	mitochondrial metabolism disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13730	malignant renovascular hypertension
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_701	dentin dysplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12401	intermittent explosive disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13732	panophthalmitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12400	kleptomania
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13731	malignant secondary hypertension
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_715	T-cell lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050845	cranio-facial dystonia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050844	spasmodic dystonia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050847	sleep apnea
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_713	HCL-V
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050846	hemidystonia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4389	soft tissue peripheral neuroepithelioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050841	focal hand dystonia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4388	bone peripheral neuroepithelioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050840	cervical dystonia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050843	oromandibular dystonia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_718	autoimmune hemolytic anemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050842	oculogyric crisis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4385	papillary squamous carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4384	orbit alveolar rhabdomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3055	paratyphoid fever
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4386	myofibroma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050849	periampullary adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050848	obstructive sleep apnea
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3052	Balkan nephropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_711	refractory hairy cell leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_712	refractory hematologic cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13743	spinal cord lipoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13742	neurofibroma of spinal cord
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_710	splenic manifestation of leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050834	CHARGE syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050833	orotic aciduria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_727	premenstrual tension
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_724	female stress incontinence
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050836	focal dystonia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050835	generalized dystonia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050830	peripheral artery disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050832	pyrimidine metabolic disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_728	nodular episcleritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13717	mature cataract
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050831	familial encephalopathy with neuroserpin inclusion bodies
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3086	gingival overgrowth
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3087	gingivitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3089	granulomatous orchitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3082	interstitial lung disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050838	segmental dystonia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3083	chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050837	multifocal dystonia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050839	anismus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3091	Acinetobacter infectious disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13711	dental fluorosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13714	anodontia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_720	normocytic anemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050823	third-degree atrioventricular block
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050822	second-degree atrioventricular block
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_738	female urethral cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050825	endocardium disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_736	male urethral cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050824	sinoatrial node disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3079	juvenile astrocytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050821	first-degree atrioventricular block
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050820	atrioventricular block
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3076	adult astrocytic tumour
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3078	grade III astrocytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3071	gliosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050827	rheumatic heart disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050826	tricuspid valve disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3073	brain glioblastoma multiforme
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050829	pericardium disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050828	artery disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3074	giant cell glioblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3081	cystic lymphangioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13722	neuroschistosomiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_730	urethral benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13725	beriberi
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13724	scurvy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_734	urethra cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_731	urinary system benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_732	urethral disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050933	ovarian serous carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050932	lung mucoepidermoid carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050935	cervical neuroblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050934	ovarian clear cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050931	parotid gland adenoid cystic carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050930	sublingual gland adenoid cystic carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_60006	benign vascular tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_60003	Bartholin's gland cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11080	myiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_60004	malignant cystadenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050937	retroperitoneal neuroblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_60009	pituitary gland benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050936	extra-adrenal pheochromocytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050939	uterine corpus endometrial carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_60007	cerebrovascular benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050938	breast lobular carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_60008	parathyroid gland benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11076	Brucella suis brucellosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11077	brucellosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_60001	pulmonary artery disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_60002	Bartholin's gland disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_60000	appendix disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11079	leech infestation
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050922	gastrointestinal carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050921	pharynx squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050924	striated muscle rhabdoid tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050923	spindle epithelial tumor with thymus-like differentiation tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050920	tonsil squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050929	mucosal melanoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050926	jejunal adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050925	small intestine carcinoid neuroendocrine tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050928	ovarian melanoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050927	duodenum adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11086	chorioretinal scar
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11088	asphyxia neonatorum
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050911	appendix carcinoid tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050910	cecum adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050913	large intestine adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050912	colon adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050919	trachea mucoepidermoid carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050918	vaginal carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050915	rectum adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050914	large intestine adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050917	lung combined type small cell adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050916	bronchus mucoepidermoid carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12384	dysentery
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11054	urinary bladder cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12386	balantidiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12385	shigellosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11055	pasteurellosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12382	complex partial epilepsy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12388	neurohypophyseal diabetes insipidus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12387	nephrogenic diabetes insipidus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050900	sacrum chordoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050902	medulloblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050901	corpus callosum oligodendroglioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050908	myelodysplastic syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050907	mixed extragonadal germ cell cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050909	MALT lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050904	salivary gland carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050903	parietal lobe ependymoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050906	conjunctival nevus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050905	inflammatory myofibroblastic tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12395	spastic entropion
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12397	entropion
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11060	placenta praevia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12399	pathological gambling
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11030	corneal edema
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12362	thyrotoxic exophthalmos
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11031	bullous keratopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12361	Graves' disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12364	pulsating exophthalmos
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11032	secondary corneal edema
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12363	intermittent proptosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11033	idiopathic corneal edema
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13691	dermoid cyst of skin
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12360	lateral displacement of eye
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13690	acute gonococcal cystitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11038	depersonalization disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12369	prolapse of urethra
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11034	contact lens corneal edema
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12365	malaria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11036	chronic rapidly progressive glomerulonephritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11037	dissociative amnesia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11042	Felty's syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12375	bronchopneumonia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11044	gastroschisis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11049	meconium aspiration syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12377	spinal muscular atrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12376	juvenile spinal muscular atrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060200	amyotrophic lateral sclerosis type 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060204	amyotrophic lateral sclerosis type 13
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060203	amyotrophic lateral sclerosis type 12
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060202	amyotrophic lateral sclerosis type 11
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12342	retroperitoneum carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12341	retroperitoneal sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060201	amyotrophic lateral sclerosis type 10
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060208	amyotrophic lateral sclerosis type 17
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060207	amyotrophic lateral sclerosis type 16
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060206	amyotrophic lateral sclerosis type 15
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060205	amyotrophic lateral sclerosis type 14
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12347	osteogenesis imperfecta
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060209	amyotrophic lateral sclerosis type 18
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12349	primary eye hypotony
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13677	SAPHO syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11014	anorectal stricture
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13676	posterior scleritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060211	amyotrophic lateral sclerosis type 20
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060210	amyotrophic lateral sclerosis type 19
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12351	alcoholic hepatitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060215	Balo concentric sclerosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060214	frontotemporal dementia and/or amyotrophic lateral sclerosis-2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060213	frontotemporal dementia and/or amyotrophic lateral sclerosis-1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060212	amyotrophic lateral sclerosis type 21
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060219	lymph node adenoid cystic carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060218	CREST syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060217	Cogan-Reese syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060216	Cogan syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12359	endocrine exophthalmos
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11028	pseudopterygium
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13689	prostate calculus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12358	patulous eustachian tube
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11029	pinguecula
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12355	prostatocystitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12357	viral labyrinthitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13687	chronic duodenal ileus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5603	T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6935	ureter inverted papilloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5602	T-cell adult acute lymphocytic leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6936	ureter urothelial papilloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5605	breast medullary carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6933	bladder transitional cell papilloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6934	urethra inverted papilloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5604	adult acute lymphocytic leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6931	papillary extrahepatic bile duct adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6932	urinary bladder inverted papilloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060222	Scheie syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060221	Maffucci syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060220	physical urticaria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060226	acrofrontofacionasal dysostosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060225	3MC syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060224	atrial fibrillation
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060223	agraphia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060229	Baraitser-Winter syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060228	intracranial berry aneurysm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060227	Adams-Oliver syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6939	childhood brain meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5608	dental pulp calcification
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6938	pediatric intraocular retinoblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6925	peroneal nerve paralysis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060233	cardiofaciocutaneous syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060232	branchiootic syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060231	Bruck syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060230	basal ganglia calcification
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060237	Warburg micro syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060236	xanthinuria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060235	carnitine palmitoyltransferase II deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060234	Carpenter syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060239	Van der Woude syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060238	Van Maldergem syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6929	retinal edema
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5625	esophageal adenosquamous carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6958	aleukemic monocytic leukemia cutis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5624	adenosquamous bile duct carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5627	adenosquamous gallbladder carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5626	thymus adenosquamous carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5621	histiocytic and dendritic cell cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6951	telangiectatic osteogenic sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5623	adenosquamous breast carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060240	UV-sensitive syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6950	combat disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060244	specific language impairment
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060243	stuttering
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060242	synpolydactyly
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060241	3-M syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060248	Simpson-Golabi-Behmel syndrome type 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060247	Smith-McCort dysplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060246	MASA syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060245	Mast syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060249	scoliosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5629	adenosquamous colon carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5628	ampulla of Vater adenosquamous carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6959	rectal cloacogenic carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5614	eye disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6947	sphenoidal sinus benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6944	vulvar seborrheic keratosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6945	inverted follicular keratosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5615	spinal canal intradural extramedullary neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6943	vulvar inverted follicular keratosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5612	spinal cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060251	sclerosteosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060250	idiopathic scoliosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060255	rippling muscle disease 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060254	Robinow syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060253	scapuloperoneal myopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060252	sclerocornea
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060259	renal-hepatic-pancreatic dysplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060258	reticulate acropigmentation of Kitamura
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060257	dyschromatosis symmetrica hereditaria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060256	Dowling-Degos disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6948	malignant gastric teratoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060262	gallbladder disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060261	congenital ptosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060260	ptosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060266	pontocerebellar hypoplasia type 1B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060265	pontocerebellar hypoplasia type 1A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060264	pontocerebellar hypoplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060263	porencephaly
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060269	pontocerebellar hypoplasia type 2C
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060268	pontocerebellar hypoplasia type 2B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060267	pontocerebellar hypoplasia type 2A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060273	pontocerebellar hypoplasia type 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060272	pontocerebellar hypoplasia type 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060271	pontocerebellar hypoplasia type 2E
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060270	pontocerebellar hypoplasia type 2D
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060277	pontocerebellar hypoplasia type 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060276	pontocerebellar hypoplasia type 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060275	pontocerebellar hypoplasia type 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060274	pontocerebellar hypoplasia type 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060279	pontocerebellar hypoplasia type 10
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060278	pontocerebellar hypoplasia type 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060280	primary pigmented nodular adrenocortical disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060284	paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060283	peeling skin syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060282	persistent hyperplastic primary vitreous
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060281	photosensitive epilepsy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060288	omodysplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060287	cornea plana
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060286	combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060285	parietal foramina
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060289	Ohdo syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6917	predominantly cortical thymoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6903	eye lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6901	familiar ovarian carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060291	oculodentodigital dysplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060290	blepharophimosis-intellectual disability syndrome, SBBYS type
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060295	complement component 2 deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060294	cold-induced sweating syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060293	autosomal dominant chondrodysplasia punctata
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060292	X-linked chondrodysplasia punctata 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060299	complement component 6 deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060298	complement component 4b deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060297	complement component 4a deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060296	congenital secretory chloride diarrhea 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6906	glomangiomatosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13819	lymphogranuloma venereum
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3149	keratoacanthoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3145	hyperlipoproteinemia type III
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13814	hypoglossal nerve disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3146	lipid metabolism disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4479	pseudohypoaldosteronism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3148	dermal unilateral segmental cavernous angioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4473	sarcomatoid renal cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3141	mucinoses
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4472	mucinous tubular and spindle renal cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3142	leg dermatosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3144	cutis laxa
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4471	chromophobe renal cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3140	scleredema adultorum
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13811	chronic subinvolution of uterus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13810	familial hypercholesterolemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13812	adhesions of uterus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3138	acanthosis nigricans
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3134	facial dermatosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4465	papillary renal cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13825	squamous blepharitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4468	clear cell adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3136	scalp dermatosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4467	clear cell renal cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5798	macrotrabecular hepatoblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3132	porphyria cutanea tarda
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4464	collecting duct carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4463	multilocular clear cell renal cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3133	acute porphyria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13822	tetanic cataract
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13823	parasitic eyelid infestation
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3168	squamous cell neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3165	skin benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4491	persian gulf syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4490	malignant peritoneal solitary fibrous tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3162	malignant spindle cell melanoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4492	avian influenza
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13809	familial combined hyperlipidemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3156	hypomelanosis of Ito
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4488	sarcomatoid mesothelioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3158	hand dermatosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3159	photosensitivity disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4489	malignant epithelial mesothelioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4483	rhinitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3153	lipomatosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4486	malignant biphasic mesothelioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4480	achondroplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3151	skin squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4481	allergic rhinitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13800	inclusion conjunctivitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13801	pharyngoconjunctival fever
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4437	skull base meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5768	Nager acrofacial dysostosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5767	hilar lung neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4436	anterior cranial fossa meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4439	central nervous system germ cell tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3107	toxascariasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5769	verruciform xanthoma of skin
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3108	ascaridiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4438	central nervous system germinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5764	lung meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4433	pancreatic delta cell neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4432	pancreatic somatostatinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5763	lung clear cell-sugar-tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5766	pulmonary sclerosing hemangioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3103	thoracic outlet syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4435	cavernous sinus meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4434	small intestine neuroendocrine neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5760	sebaceous breast carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4430	somatostatinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5761	vulvar sebaceous carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_660	adrenal cortex cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_663	scrotal angioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_664	angiokeratoma of Fordyce
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3109	idiopathic CD4-positive T-lymphocytopenia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_668	myositis ossificans
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5757	endocervicitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4428	dyslexia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5759	sebaceous gland neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5758	malignant mesenchymoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4422	malignant adenofibroma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5752	cervical serous adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4424	juvenile xanthogranuloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4423	sea-blue histiocytosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5751	pancreatic serous cystadenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5750	endometrial serous adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_670	amphetamine abuse
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_674	cleft palate
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_672	spleen cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_678	progressive supranuclear palsy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_679	basal ganglia disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_676	juvenile rheumatoid arthritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3127	proctitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3128	anus disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5789	mixed hepatoblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4455	hereditary renal cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4454	childhood kidney cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3125	multiple endocrine neoplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4451	renal carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5782	tympanic membrane disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4450	renal cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3120	gallbladder papillomatosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5781	atrophic flaccid tympanic membrane
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5784	esophageal neuroendocrine tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3121	gallbladder cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3122	gastric outlet obstruction
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_681	progressive bulbar palsy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_682	compartment syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_680	tauopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_686	liver carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_683	motor neuritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_684	hepatocellular carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_687	hepatoblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_688	embryonal cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4448	macular degeneration
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3116	kidney benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4447	cystoid macular edema
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3117	hepatobiliary benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3118	hepatobiliary disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3119	gastrointestinal system cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4449	macular retinal edema
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5775	cavernous hemangioma of colon
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3112	papillary adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3113	papillary carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5774	giant hemangioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3114	serous cystadenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5777	rectum neuroendocrine neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5776	cavernous hemangioma of face
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4440	seminoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5773	oral submucous fibrosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4442	cervical alveolar soft part sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3110	papillary cystadenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5772	central nervous system hematologic cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4441	dysgerminoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3111	cystadenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_693	dental enamel hypoplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_698	dentin sensitivity
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_699	mitochondrial myopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_627	severe combined immunodeficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_628	combined T cell and B cell immunodeficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_625	transient hypogammaglobulinemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_626	complement deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13891	bird fancier's lung
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11230	acute orbital inflammation
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11231	orbital periostitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12568	dyscalculia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_620	blood protein disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11239	appendix cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11232	orbital osteomyelitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_624	transient hypogammaglobulinemia of infancy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11233	orbital tenonitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12566	ulceration of vulva
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11234	orbital cellulitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11235	adhesive otitis media
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_639	acute disseminated encephalomyelitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_636	central pontine myelinolysis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12571	phacogenic glaucoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12570	phacolytic glaucoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11240	appendiceal neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11241	appendix lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12573	neonatal thyrotoxicosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11242	plethora of newborn
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_630	genetic disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11247	disseminated intravascular coagulation
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_631	fibromyalgia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11249	vitamin K deficiency bleeding
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11243	anemia of prematurity
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12574	posterior uveitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_635	acquired immunodeficiency syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11244	neonatal anemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12577	urethral obstruction
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11245	transient neonatal neutropenia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11246	DIC in newborn
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_633	myositis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050999	autosomal recessive spinocerebellar ataxia 10
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_649	prion disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050998	nonprogressive cerebellar ataxia with mental retardation
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_648	kuru
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050995	episodic ataxia type 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12549	hepatitis A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050994	episodic ataxia type 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11219	conjunctival folliculosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050997	cerebellar ataxia, mental retardation and dysequlibrium syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050996	episodic ataxia type 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12546	atrophic nonflaccid tympanic membrane
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050991	episodic ataxia type 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050990	episodic ataxia type 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050993	episodic ataxia type 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_640	encephalomyelitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050992	episodic ataxia type 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11217	chronic tympanitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_646	viral encephalitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11211	buphthalmos
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_643	progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11212	hydrophthalmos
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11213	acute contagious conjunctivitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050988	GRID2-related spinocerebellar ataxia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050987	hypomyelinating leukoencephalopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050989	episodic ataxia type 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050984	spinocerebellar ataxia type 37
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050983	spinocerebellar ataxia type 36
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050986	spinocerebellar ataxia type 40
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050985	spinocerebellar ataxia type 38
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12550	hepatic coma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12557	Duane retraction syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050980	spinocerebellar ataxia type 31
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_653	purine-pyrimidine metabolic disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12556	acute kidney tubular necrosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12559	idiopathic juvenile osteoporosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050982	spinocerebellar ataxia type 35
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11227	acute hemorrhagic conjunctivitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12558	chronic progressive external ophthalmoplegia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050981	spinocerebellar ataxia type 34
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13884	sick sinus syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_656	adrenal adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_657	adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11223	small intestine diverticulitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_654	overnutrition
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12554	hemolytic-uremic syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_655	inherited metabolic disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050977	spinocerebellar ataxia type 28
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050976	spinocerebellar ataxia type 27
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050979	spinocerebellar ataxia type 30
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050978	spinocerebellar ataxia type 29
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050973	spinocerebellar ataxia type 23
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12528	lesion of sciatic nerve
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12527	common peroneal nerve lesion
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050972	spinocerebellar ataxia type 21
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050975	spinocerebellar ataxia type 26
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12529	tibial nerve palsy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050974	spinocerebellar ataxia type 25
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3185	spinal cord glioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3186	adult oligodendroglioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3187	brain oligodendroglioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3181	oligodendroglioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3183	childhood oligodendroglioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3184	spinal cord oligodendroglioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3191	nemaline myopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12524	plantar nerve lesion
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12526	tarsal tunnel syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050971	spinocerebellar ataxia type 20
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050970	spinocerebellar ataxia type 19/22
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12522	bagassosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050965	spinocerebellar ataxia type 15
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050968	autosomal dominant cerebellar ataxia, deafness and narcolepsy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050967	spinocerebellar ataxia type 17
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3178	skin papilloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050962	spinocerebellar ataxia type 12
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3179	inverted papilloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050961	spinocerebellar ataxia type 11
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050964	spinocerebellar ataxia type 14
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050963	spinocerebellar ataxia type 13
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3177	verrucous papilloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050969	spinocerebellar ataxia type 18
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3172	papillary adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3173	fallopian tube serous papilloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13866	multiple cranial nerve palsy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11203	Angelucci's syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11204	allergic conjunctivitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13865	facial neuralgia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12537	hypermobility of coccyx
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050960	spinocerebellar ataxia type 10
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13868	hypoactive sexual desire disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11206	opioid abuse
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13867	focal labyrinthitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12531	von Willebrand's disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13862	acute closed-angle glaucoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11200	T cell deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13861	scleroperikeratitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11201	parathyroid gland disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13864	trochlear nerve disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11202	primary hyperparathyroidism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_605	flying phobia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050955	spinocerebellar ataxia type 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050954	spinocerebellar ataxia type 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_606	Brown-Sequard syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_603	AIDS phobia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050957	spinocerebellar ataxia type 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050956	spinocerebellar ataxia type 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12506	Bell's palsy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050951	hereditary ataxia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050950	autosomal recessive cerebellar ataxia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050953	X-linked hereditary ataxia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13839	extrapyramidal and movement disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_607	paraplegia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050952	spastic ataxia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050959	spinocerebellar ataxia type 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050958	spinocerebellar ataxia type 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13832	patent ductus arteriosus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_602	cancerophobia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_600	animal phobia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050944	spastic ataxia 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050943	spastic ataxia 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050946	Charlevoix-Saguenay spastic ataxia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_614	lymphopenia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050945	spastic ataxia 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_615	leukopenia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050940	endocervical adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050942	spastic ataxia 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050941	spastic ataxia 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3196	cellular schwannoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3197	schwannoma of twelfth cranial nerve
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3198	hypoglossal nerve neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3199	C-P angle neurinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3192	neurilemmoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050948	autosomal dominant hypophosphatemic rickets
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3193	peripheral nerve sheath neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050947	hereditary hypophosphatemic rickets with hypercalciuria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050949	autosomal recessive hypophosphatemic rickets
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12514	retinal perforation
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_612	primary immunodeficiency disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12510	retinal ischemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11195	acute laryngopharyngitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11197	serous conjunctivitis except viral
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11198	DiGeorge syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11193	syndactyly
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11199	hypoparathyroidism
http://www.geneontology.org/formats/oboInOwl#hasRelatedSynonym	has_related_synonym
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/doid#realized_by	realized_by
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11175	enophthalmos
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11177	total internal ophthalmoplegia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11190	pseudomembranous conjunctivitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11184	acute conjunctivitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11186	allescheriosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11180	non-suppurative otitis media
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11181	serous glue ear
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11189	pulp degeneration
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11151	cholecystolithiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060303	complement component 9 deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060302	type II complement component 8 deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060301	type I complement component 8 deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11153	miliaria rubra
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060300	complement component 7 deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060307	autosomal dominant non-syndromic intellectual disability
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060306	Meier-Gorlin syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060305	megalocornea
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060304	dyschromatosis universalis hereditaria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060309	syndromic X-linked intellectual disability
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060308	autosomal recessive non-syndromic intellectual disability
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11155	hypohidrosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11156	anhidrosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060310	uvulitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11162	respiratory failure
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060314	persistent generalized lymphadenopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060313	tracheomalacia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11164	band keratopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060312	angular cheilitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11165	common wart
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060311	adenoid hypertrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060318	acute promyelocytic leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060317	lung abscess
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060316	orofaciodigital syndrome I
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060315	oral hairy leukoplakia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12491	Vagus nerve disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11161	neonatal respiratory failure
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060319	cardiac arrest
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11168	anogenital venereal wart
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060321	umbilical hernia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060320	inguinal hernia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060325	cervical polyp
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11130	secondary hypertension
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060324	dental abscess
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13791	myringitis bullosa hemorrhagica
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060323	breast abscess
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13794	anterior scleritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060322	mastoiditis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11132	prostatic hypertrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060329	ectopic pregnancy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060328	anal fistula
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060327	omphalocele
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13790	acute tympanitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060326	myelomeningocele
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13799	female breast central part cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12465	secondary hyperparathyroidism of renal origin
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11133	prostatic cyst
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11134	prolapse of lacrimal gland
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12466	secondary hyperparathyroidism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060332	mitochondrial complex V (ATP synthase) deficiency nuclear type 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060331	mitochondrial complex V (ATP synthase) deficiency nuclear type 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060330	Rapp-Hodgkin syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060336	3-methylglutaconic aciduria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060335	autosomal dominant sideroblastic anemia 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060334	transient neonatal diabetes mellitus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12474	capillariasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060333	mitochondrial complex V (ATP synthase) deficiency nuclear type 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060339	chronic atrial and intestinal dysrhythmia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060338	parameningeal embryonal rhabdomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060337	CEDNIK syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11148	hypersecretion glaucoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11149	aqueous misdirection
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12475	pes anserinus tendinitis or bursitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5724	seminal vesicle cystadenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5723	optic atrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5726	uterine ligament papillary cystadenoma associated with von Hippel-Lindau disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5725	rete ovarii cystadenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060343	glucocorticoid-induced osteoporosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060342	acromelic frontonasal dysostosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060341	agnathia-otocephaly complex
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060340	ciliopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060347	acrorenal syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060346	Native American myopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060345	bacillary angiomatosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060344	acrodermatitis chronica atrophicans
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060349	microcephaly with or without chorioretinopathy, lymphedema, or mental retardation
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060348	hypoparathyroidism-retardation-dysmorphism syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5728	diffuse peritoneal leiomyomatosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5727	uterine ligament cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5729	intravenous leiomyomatosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5713	mediastinum liposarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5712	cutaneous liposarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5715	functionless pituitary adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5714	intracranial liposarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5711	vulvar liposarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060350	adenine phosphoribosyltransferase deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060354	Stormorken syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060353	acrofacial dysostosis Cincinnati type
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060352	Kleefstra syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060351	mitochondrial complex III deficiency nuclear type 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060358	multiple acyl-CoA dehydrogenase deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060357	chylomicron retention disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060356	Vici syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060355	amyotrophic lateral sclerosis type 22
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060359	Sakati-Nyhan syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5716	hormone producing pituitary cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5719	adrenal medulla cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5718	adrenal neuroblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5746	ovarian serous cystadenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4415	fibrous histiocytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5748	rheumatic pulmonary valve disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5747	uterine ligament serous adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5742	pancreatic acinar cell adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4411	hepatitis E
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5741	pancreatic vasoactive intestinal peptide producing tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4413	cervix melanoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5744	ovary serous adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5743	acinic cell breast carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060361	punctate palmoplantar keratoderma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060360	hereditary papulotranslucent acrokeratoderma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5740	small intestinal vasoactive intestinal peptide producing tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060365	mandibulofacial dysostosis with alopecia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060364	Galloway-Mowat syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060363	glycerol kinase deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060362	punctate palmoplantar keratoderma type III
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060369	Parkinson's disease 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060368	Parkinson's disease 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060367	Parkinson's disease 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060366	Hennekam syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4419	benign deep fibrous histiocytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5749	pulmonary valve disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4418	cutaneous fibrous histiocytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4404	occupational dermatitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4406	spongiotic dermatitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4400	dermatosis papulosa nigra
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5731	chronic salpingitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5730	salpingitis isthmica nodosa
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5733	salpingitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5732	pyosalpinx
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060372	Parkinson's disease 15
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060371	Parkinson's disease 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060370	Parkinson's disease 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060376	Joubert syndrome with orofaciodigital defect
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060375	orofaciodigital syndrome V
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060374	orofaciodigital syndrome IV
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060373	orofaciodigital syndrome III
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060379	acrofacial dysostosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060378	orofaciodigital syndrome VIII
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060377	orofaciodigital syndrome VII
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4407	phototoxic dermatitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4409	folliculitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060383	acrofacial dysostosis Rodriguez type
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060382	orofaciodigital syndrome IX
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060381	orofaciodigital syndrome XI
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060380	orofaciodigital syndrome X
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060387	chondrodysplasia Blomstrand type
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060386	Chilblain lupus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060385	acrofacial dysostosis, Patagonia type
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060384	acrofacial dysostosis, Catania type
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060389	chromosome 10q23 deletion syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060388	chromosomal deletion syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060390	distal 10q deletion syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060394	chromosome 15q13.3 microdeletion syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060393	chromosome 15q11.2 deletion syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060392	chromosome 14q11-q22 deletion syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060391	chromosome 13q14 deletion syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060398	chromosome 16p11.2 deletion syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060397	chromosome 15q26-qter deletion syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060396	chromosome 15q25 deletion syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060395	chromosome 15q24 deletion syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060399	chromosome 16p12.1 deletion syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5702	pleomorphic liposarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5701	breast liposarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5704	sclerosing liposarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5703	mixed liposarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5700	gastric liposarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5709	mixed-type liposarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5705	spindle cell liposarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4118	colon neuroendocrine neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4117	vaginal adenosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4119	intestinal neuroendocrine benign tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5445	syringocystadenoma papilliferum
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4114	uterine body mixed cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6777	villoglandular endometrial endometrioid adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4113	uterine corpus adenosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5444	spiradenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5446	eccrine papillary adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6776	breast myoepithelial carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4115	ovarian mesodermal adenosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4110	parasitic ectoparasitic infectious disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6774	polyembryoma of the ovary
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4112	cervical carcinosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5443	clear cell hidradenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4111	cervical adenosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5442	eccrine acrospiroma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5438	extrahepatic bile duct adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5437	intrahepatic bile duct adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4109	tick infestation
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5439	papillary hidradenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5434	scrapie
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5433	urinary tract papillary transitional cell benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5435	variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6762	sternum lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6760	lung lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5432	bladder papillary transitional cell neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4136	myxosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5467	conjunctival cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5469	biliary tract intraductal papillary mucinous neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4138	bile duct disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4137	common bile duct disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5468	biliary papillomatosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5463	cochlear disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4131	erythrasma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5465	conjunctival intraepithelial neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6788	vagina botryoid rhabdomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6789	vulvar childhood botryoid-type embryonal rhabdomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6786	childhood botryoid rhabdomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6787	childhood vagina botryoid rhabdomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5457	laryngeal neuroendocrine tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6785	desmoplastic small round cell tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4123	nail disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5453	pulmonary venoocclusive disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6735	schwannoma of jugular foramen
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6733	intrahepatic bile duct cystadenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5401	water-clear cell adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5403	microcystic adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5402	vaginal adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5409	lung small cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5408	Paget's disease of bone
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6726	fibrillary astrocytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6727	colon small cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6725	spinal stenosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6723	malignant type AB thymoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6721	Littre gland carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6759	bone lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5427	urinary bladder villous adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5426	premature ovarian failure
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5429	bladder flat intraepithelial lesion
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6758	chest wall lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6755	amyloid tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5425	ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6752	internal auditory canal lipoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5421	lung combined type small cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5418	schizoaffective disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5411	lung oat cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5414	lung occult small cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6742	synchronous bilateral breast carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6740	cervix small cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6741	bilateral breast cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5410	pulmonary neuroendocrine tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5419	schizophrenia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_988	mitral valve prolapse
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4194	glucose metabolism disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4193	intracranial thrombosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4196	femoral neuropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4195	hyperglycemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12205	dengue disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_980	choroidal sclerosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13538	cornea squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_981	diffuse secondary choroid atrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12206	dengue hemorrhagic fever
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_986	alopecia areata
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_987	alopecia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13534	purulent labyrinthitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13533	osteopetrosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_999	hypereosinophilic syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4186	articulation disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4189	mutism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4188	echolalia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4183	pseudopseudohypoparathyroidism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4184	pseudohypoparathyroidism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_990	congenital heart block
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12215	oligohydramnios
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13549	interval angle-closure glaucoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_992	Omsk hemorrhagic fever
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12217	Lewy body dementia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13548	secondary Parkinson disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_997	uterine inversion
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13543	hyperparathyroidism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_998	eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12211	filarial elephantiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13544	low tension glaucoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13514	venous tributary occlusion of retina
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13515	tuberous sclerosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13521	tetanus neonatorum
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13520	neonatal infective mastitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13523	loiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_946	dientamoebiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4157	secondary syphilis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5488	mediastinum synovial sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4159	skin cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_949	chronic dacryoadenitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4154	dentinogenesis imperfecta
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5485	synovial sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4153	spinal chordoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5484	fibrous synovial sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5487	spindle cell synovial sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4156	primary syphilis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5480	ovarian endometrioid adenofibroma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4152	chondroid chordoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5482	cystadenofibroma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4151	skull base chordoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_955	benign neurilemmoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_956	peripheral nerve schwannoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13507	trigonitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4147	gastrointestinal adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5478	fallopian tube adenofibroma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5477	clear cell adenofibroma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_959	esophagus squamous cell papilloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5479	papillary adenofibroma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4148	gastrointestinal neuroendocrine benign tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4143	orbital cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5474	ovarian serous adenofibroma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5476	cervical adenofibroma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5475	uterine corpus adenofibroma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4141	intraorbital meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4140	biliary dyskinesia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_950	dacryoadenitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13501	Mobius syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_952	acute dacryoadenitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13500	hairy tongue
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4176	blood group incompatibility
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4175	Rh isoimmunization
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_960	esophagus leiomyoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_961	neurofibroma of the esophagus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_962	neurofibroma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_963	episodic ataxia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_979	angioid streaks of choroid
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5495	monophasic synovial sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4164	cerebral neuroblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4166	syphilis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5492	biphasic synovial sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4160	differentiating neuroblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4163	ganglioneuroblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5494	epithelioid cell synovial sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_971	tendinitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_970	tenosynovitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_974	upper respiratory tract disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_903	gastrointestinal lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_900	hepatopulmonary syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_901	liver lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_906	peroxisomal disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_907	liver fibroma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_905	Zellweger syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12164	Blessig's cysts
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12163	senile reticular retinal degeneration
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12166	cobblestone retinal degeneration
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12165	retinal lattice degeneration
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13491	active vestibular Meniere's disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13490	active cochleovestibular Meniere's disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12162	pseudoretinitis pigmentosa
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12161	peripheral retinal degeneration
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13492	active cochlear Meniere's disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13499	jejunal cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12168	ulnar nerve lesion
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12167	secondary vitreoretinal degeneration
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13498	urethral syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12169	carpal tunnel syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_913	atrophic muscular disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_914	peliosis hepatis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_917	liver leiomyoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_918	liver inflammatory pseudotumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_916	liver benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12175	dyshormonogenic goiter
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12177	common variable immunodeficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12176	goiter
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12171	radial neuropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12170	radial nerve lesion
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12179	tinea corporis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_910	occipital lobe neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_929	myopathy of extraocular muscle
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060402	chromosome 17p13.1 deletion syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13473	central pterygium
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060401	chromosome 16q22 deletion syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12144	low compliance bladder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060400	chromosome 16p12.2-p11.2 deletion syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12143	neurogenic bladder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13474	progressive peripheral pterygium
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060406	chromosome 18p deletion syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060405	chromosome 17q23.1-q23.2 deletion syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12140	Chagas disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060404	chromosome 17q12 deletion syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060403	chromosome 17q11.2 deletion syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060409	NFIA-related disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060408	chromosome 19q13.11 deletion syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060407	chromosome 18q deletion syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13477	balanitis xerotica obliterans
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13476	supraglottis cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12145	detrusor sphincter dyssynergia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12148	alveolar echinococcosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_936	brain disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_934	viral infectious disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060413	chromosome 22q11.2 deletion syndrome, distal
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060412	chromosome 1q41-q42 deletion syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12155	lymphocytic choriomeningitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060411	chromosome 1q21.1 deletion syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060410	chromosome 1p36 deletion syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060417	3p deletion syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060416	chromosome 2q31.2 deletion syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13482	Proteus syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060415	chromosome 2p16.1-p15 deletion syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13481	thanatophoric dysplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060414	chromosome 2p12-p11.2 deletion syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060419	chromosome 3q29 microdeletion syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060418	chromosome 3q13.31 deletion syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_931	monieziasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12157	aseptic meningitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13487	childhood disintegrative disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12156	arachnoiditis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_930	orbital disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060420	chromosome 4q21 deletion syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060424	chromosome 6q24-q25 deletion syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12120	pulmonary alveolar proteinosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14784	olivopontocerebellar atrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060423	chromosome 6q11-q14 deletion syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13450	coccidioidomycosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060422	chromosome 6pter-p24 deletion syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13453	gonococcal bursitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13452	scleritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060421	chromosome 5q12 deletion syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060428	SATB2-associated syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060427	chromosome Xp21 deletion syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14780	KBG syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060426	chromosome 19p13.13 deletion syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060425	chromosome 8q21.11 deletion syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12128	pica disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14789	spondyloepiphyseal dysplasia congenita
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12129	bulimia nervosa
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060429	chromosomal duplication syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12124	episcleritis periodica fugax
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12123	postinflammatory pulmonary fibrosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13454	gonococcal synovitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12125	neurotrophic keratoconjunctivitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060431	chromosome 16p13.3 duplication syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060430	chromosome 16p11.2 duplication syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060435	chromosome 1q21.1 duplication syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13461	urethral intrinsic sphincter deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060434	chromosome 17q21.31 duplication syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060433	chromosome 17q12 duplication syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060432	chromosome 17p13.3 duplication syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14793	hypohidrotic ectodermal dysplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12132	granulomatosis with polyangiitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060439	lysinuric protein intolerance
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14791	Leber congenital amaurosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060438	Cole-Carpenter syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060437	chromosome 22q13 duplication syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060436	chromosome 22q11.2 microduplication syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12139	dysthymic disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14798	Blount's disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12134	factor VIII deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14796	Dubowitz syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060442	stromal dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060441	epithelial-stromal TGFBI dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060440	epithelial and subepithelial dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14761	Greig cephalopolysyndactyly syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060446	X-linked endothelial corneal dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060445	congenital stromal corneal dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14762	calcaneonavicular coalition
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060444	granular corneal dystrophy 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13431	bejel
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060443	corneal endothelial dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060449	gelatinous drop-like corneal dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060448	Fleck corneal dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060447	epithelial basement membrane dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12105	inflammatory spondylopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12108	bullous retinoschisis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14768	Saethre-Chotzen syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14766	renal agenesis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14764	Larsen syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060453	Reis-Bucklers corneal dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060452	posterior amorphous corneal dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060451	Meesmann corneal dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060450	Lisch epithelial corneal dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060457	posterior polymorphous corneal dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060456	Schnyder corneal dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14773	cartilage-hair hypoplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060455	Thiel-Behnke corneal dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060454	subepithelial mucinous corneal dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060459	chromosome 3q29 microduplication syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060458	chromosome 2q31.1 duplication syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12117	pulmonary alveolar microlithiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13448	posterior corneal pigmentation
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13447	corneal argyrosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12119	hemosiderosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14778	blepharophimosis, ptosis, and epicanthus inversus syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12118	pulmonary hemosiderosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13444	glanders
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14777	benign familial neonatal epilepsy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13446	basilar artery occlusion
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14775	brittle cornea syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060460	chromosome 5p13 duplication syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060464	Feingold syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060463	NUT midline carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060462	Desbuquois dysplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060461	chromosome Xp11.23-p11.22 duplication syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060468	Holt-Oram syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060467	humeroradial synostosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060466	gingival fibromatosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060465	fibrochondrogenesis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060469	Miller-Dieker lissencephaly syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060471	fetal valproate syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060470	salt and pepper syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060475	childhood onset epileptic encephalopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060474	familial erythrocytosis 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060473	Kabuki syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060472	Kindler syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060479	Shwachman-Diamond syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060478	Zika fever
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060476	Perlman syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6713	cerebrovascular disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6712	anterior spinal artery syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060482	oculoauricular syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060481	Goldberg-Shprintzen syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060480	left ventricular noncompaction
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060486	Perry syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060485	Mowat-Wilson syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060484	EAST syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060483	MEDNIK syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060488	Pitt-Hopkins syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/doid#complicated_by	complicated_by
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6705	gastric body carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6703	gastric pylorus carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6700	gastric fundus carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060492	chicken egg allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060491	SPOAN syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060490	Schimke immuno-osseous dysplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060497	pollen allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060496	respiratory allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060495	shellfish allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060499	autoimmune neuropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060498	Timothy grass allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6706	tubular variant testicular seminoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6707	malignant triton tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12191	splenic flexure cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12190	descending colon cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12185	otosclerosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12197	punctate epithelial keratoconjunctivitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12196	superficial keratitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12192	sigmoid colon cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4239	alveolar soft part sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5569	malignant syringoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4235	spindle cell sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5566	mature teratoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6898	ovarian seromucinous carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5565	adult teratoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5568	mediastinum teratoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4236	carcinosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5567	ovarian germ cell teratoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4231	histiocytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5561	gastric teratoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4230	smooth muscle cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4233	clear cell sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5564	fallopian tube teratoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5563	malignant teratoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4232	extraosseous Ewing sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5560	mediastinal mesenchymal tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5559	mediastinal cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4227	uterine corpus endometrial stromal sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6888	ureter transitional cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4223	pyoderma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5557	testicular germ cell cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4226	endometrial stromal sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5556	testicular malignant germ cell cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6886	ureter small cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5551	choriocarcinoma of the testis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5550	choriocarcinoma of ovary
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5553	pineal region choriocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6880	small bowel fibrosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5588	lung papillary adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4257	Caffey disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5587	Volkmann contracture
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4258	Weissenbacher-Zweymuller syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4253	melorheostosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4252	Alexander disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5583	lung giant cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4254	osteosclerosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5585	Ferguson-Smith tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5580	pancreatic gastrinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4251	conjunctival disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4250	conjunctivochalasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4249	Gerstmann-Straussler-Scheinker syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5577	gastrinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5576	inhibited male orgasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5579	gastric gastrinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4248	coronary stenosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4247	coronary restenosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4242	kidney sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5572	Beckwith-Wiedemann syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5574	VIPoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5570	malignant acrospiroma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5526	middle ear squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6858	pineal region immature teratoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5525	anal squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5528	rectum squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6856	pineal region teratoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6857	pineal region mature teratoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5527	ampulla of Vater squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5522	basaloid squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6854	ethmoid sinus ectopic meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5521	keratinizing squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5524	adenoid squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5520	head and neck squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5529	lacrimal gland squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6847	adult botryoid rhabdomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5515	nasal cavity squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5514	breast squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6848	adult vagina botryoid rhabdomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5517	stomach carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6845	infiltrating ureter transitional cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5516	gastric squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6846	familial melanoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5511	dysgerminoma of ovary
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5510	pineal dysgerminoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6844	kidney pelvis sarcomatoid transitional cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6841	flat ductal epithelial atypia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5513	Pediculus humanus corporis infestation
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5519	colon squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5518	penis squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4217	malignant ovarian Brenner tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5547	pulmonary artery choriocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5546	femoral cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5545	anal neuroendocrine tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5540	fallopian tube squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6872	spinal cord primitive neuroectodermal neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6873	skin tag
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4211	posterior cranial fossa meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4210	clear cell meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6871	spinal cord neuroblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5537	squamous cell bile duct carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4206	childhood brain stem neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6869	parasagittal meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5536	sarcomatoid squamous cell skin carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4205	cerebellum cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5539	ureter squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6867	mediastinal gray zone lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6868	mediastinal malignant lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5538	external ear squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4207	childhood infratentorial neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5533	endometrial squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4202	brain stem glioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6865	oxyphilic endometrial endometrioid adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4201	peroneal neuropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5532	ovarian squamous cell neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5535	gallbladder squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5534	renal pelvis squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4203	brain stem cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5531	ovarian squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5530	thymus squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4209	brainstem intraparenchymal clear cell meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_869	cholesteatoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_867	maxillary sinus cholesteatoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13651	eversion of lacrimal punctum
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12326	chronic pulmonary heart disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_862	diplegia of upper limb
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12325	kyphoscoliotic heart disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13656	gastrin secretion abnormality
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12328	marasmus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13658	infective urethral stricture
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13653	stenosis of lacrimal punctum
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_865	vasculitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_866	vein disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_863	nervous system disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13655	acquired tear duct stenosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12323	cough variant asthma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_864	phlebitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13654	stenosis of lacrimal passage
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13662	ulcer of anus and rectum
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12337	varicocele
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12336	male infertility
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_873	anaerobic pneumonia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12339	retroperitoneal lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_870	neuropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13664	post-vaccinal encephalitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_876	pyomyositis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12333	male genital organ stricture
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12332	hematocele of tunica vaginalis testis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12335	male genital organ vascular disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_874	bacterial pneumonia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12308	Dubin-Johnson syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12307	anterior corneal pigmentation
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12309	urticaria pigmentosa
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_883	parasitic helminthiasis infectious disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12304	conjunctival pigmentation
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_884	metagonimiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12306	vitiligo
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12305	Bloch-Sulzberger syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_882	heterophyiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13636	Fanconi anemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_888	fasciolopsiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_885	fascioliasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12318	granular corneal dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13649	polyneuropathy in collagen vascular disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_890	mitochondrial encephalomyopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_891	progressive myoclonus epilepsy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_893	Wilson disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_898	autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12311	stromal corneal pigmentation
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13641	exfoliation syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_899	choledochal cyst
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_896	metal metabolism disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_823	periapical periodontitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_824	periodontitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4279	infundibulocystic basal cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4278	scrotum basal cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13619	extrahepatic cholestasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_827	ureter tuberculosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4277	penis basal cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4271	microsporidiosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4270	encephalitozoonosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4280	nodular basal cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_820	myocarditis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13628	favism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5598	fallopian tube serous adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4267	akinetic mutism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13629	dentine erosion
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5595	papillary thymic adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5597	fallopian tube papillary adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4266	intravascular angioleiomyoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4265	angiomyoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4260	gait apraxia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5591	eccrine papillary adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5590	aggressive digital papillary adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5593	gastric papillary adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5592	breast papillary carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13626	photokeratitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13620	patent foramen ovale
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_833	auditory system cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13622	campylobacteriosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_848	arthritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_845	cyclothymic disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_849	rheumatoid arthritis interstitial lung disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4297	scimitar syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4299	infiltrative basal cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4293	clear cell basal cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4292	morpheaform basal cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4295	follicular basal cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4294	adenoid basal cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060604	ankyloglossia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060603	isolated anhidrosis with normal sweat glands
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060602	alpha-methylacyl-CoA racemase deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060601	alpha-2-plasmin inhibitor deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060608	microcephalic osteodysplastic primordial dwarfism type I
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_840	cork-handlers' disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060606	fetal nicotine spectrum disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_841	extrinsic allergic alveolitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060609	microcephalic osteodysplastic primordial dwarfism type II
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_859	holocarboxylase synthetase deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_856	biotinidase deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_857	multiple carboxylase deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4289	micronodular basal cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13608	biliary atresia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4286	sebaceous basal cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4288	external ear carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4287	external ear basal cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4282	pigmented basal cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4281	metatypical basal cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4284	anal margin carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4283	anal margin basal cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060611	abdominal obesity-metabolic syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060610	megacystis-microcolon-intestinal hypoperistalsis syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4291	fibroepithelial basal cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4290	adamantinoid basal cell epithelioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060614	ulnar-mammary syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060613	X-linked cleft palate with or without ankyloglossia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060612	abdominal obesity-metabolic syndrome 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_850	lung disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_851	Bartholin's duct cyst
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13603	obstructive jaundice
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_854	collagen disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_853	polymyalgia rheumatica
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060501	metal allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060500	drug allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12287	Crimean-Congo hemorrhagic fever
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12286	testicular leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060505	apricot allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060504	apple allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060503	fruit allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060502	gastrointestinal allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12282	femoral vein thrombophlebitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060509	melon allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060508	orange allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060507	Indian plum allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060506	cherry allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060512	tomato allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060511	plum allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12298	intrahepatic gall duct cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060510	peach allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12297	Vogt-Koyanagi-Harada disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060516	carp allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060515	Atlantic salmon allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060514	Atlantic cod allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12294	atypical depressive disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060513	fish allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060519	beta-lactam allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060518	rainbow trout allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060517	zebrafish allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_801	hemarthrosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_807	carotid artery occlusion
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_809	cocaine abuse
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060523	mollusc allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13593	eclampsia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060522	goat milk allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12265	chronic salpingo-oophoritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060521	cow milk allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060520	penicillin allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060527	Indian prawn allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060526	crab allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060525	brown shrimp allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060524	crustacean allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060529	white shrimp allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060528	tiger prawn allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_813	septic arthritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_819	mediastinitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_817	interstitial myocarditis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060530	snail allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060534	hepatoid adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12273	anisometropia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12276	malignant tumor of undescended testis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060532	latex allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060531	horned turban snail allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12275	cutaneous diphtheria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12270	coloboma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060538	purpura fulminans
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060537	mitochondrial complex II deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060536	mitochondrial complex I deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12271	aniridia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060535	Warsaw breakage syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060539	Hermansky-Pudlak syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_811	lipodystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060541	Hermansky-Pudlak syndrome 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060540	Hermansky-Pudlak syndrome 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12241	beta thalassemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060545	Hermansky-Pudlak syndrome 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060544	Hermansky-Pudlak syndrome 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13574	cortical senile cataract
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060543	Hermansky-Pudlak syndrome 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060542	Hermansky-Pudlak syndrome 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060549	Barber-Say syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060548	luminal breast carcinoma A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060547	Hermansky-Pudlak syndrome 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060546	Hermansky-Pudlak syndrome 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13579	kwashiorkor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13576	twin-to-twin transfusion syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13575	non-renal secondary hyperparathyroidism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12246	histoplasmosis meningitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060551	poikiloderma with neutropenia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060550	ablepharon macrostomia syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060556	Kufor-Rakeb syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13585	alveolar periostitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12253	testicular lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060559	lethal congenital contracture syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060558	lethal congenital contracture syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13580	cholestasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060557	ataxia with oculomotor apraxia type 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12259	hemophilia B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13589	female infertility of uterine origin
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12257	medulloadrenal hyperfunction
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060563	Char syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060562	anomalous left coronary artery from the pulmonary artery
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060560	lethal congenital contracture syndrome 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13550	angle-closure glaucoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060567	erythema elevatum diutinum
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060566	Holzgreve-Wagner-Rehder Syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060565	Ritscher-Schinzel syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060564	spinal disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060569	hypertrichotic osteochondrodysplasia Cantu type
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12223	specific bursitis often of occupational origin
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12225	Plica syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060570	cardiac tuberculosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060574	von Willebrand's disease 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060573	von Willebrand's disease 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060572	Ritscher-Schinzel syndrome 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060571	Ritscher-Schinzel syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13561	optic disk drusen
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060578	Noonan syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13560	subserous uterine fibroid
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060577	3MC syndrome 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060576	3MC syndrome 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060575	3MC syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12237	bile reflux
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12239	anal margin squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12234	cascade stomach
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13565	neuroaspergillosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13564	aspergillosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12236	primary biliary cholangitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13566	tibial collateral ligament bursitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6812	childhood pilocytic astrocytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6811	juvenile pilocytic astrocytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060581	Noonan syndrome 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060580	Noonan syndrome 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060585	Noonan syndrome 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060584	Noonan syndrome 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060583	Noonan syndrome 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060582	Noonan syndrome 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060589	Yunis-Varon syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060588	Noonan syndrome 10
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060587	Noonan syndrome 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060586	Noonan syndrome 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6804	colon Kaposi sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060592	B-cell adult acute lymphocytic leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060591	WHIM syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060590	XFE progeroid syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060599	Nance-Horan syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060597	atypical chronic myeloid leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6809	vaginal tubular adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5504	tanycytic ependymoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6837	rete ovarii adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5503	spinal cord ependymoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5505	papillary ependymoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5500	cellular ependymoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5502	lice infestation
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5501	Pediculus humanus capitis infestation
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5508	brain stem ependymoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5507	clear cell ependymoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6838	rete ovarii cystadenofibroma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5509	pediatric ependymoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6839	breast intraductal proliferative lesion
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6823	pancreatoblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6827	pancreatic solid pseudopapillary carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111978	immunodeficiency 65
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110647	long QT syndrome 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111979	immunodeficiency 49
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110648	long QT syndrome 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11516	hypertensive heart disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12849	autistic disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11518	abnormal pupillary function
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2173	eyelid benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2174	ocular cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2176	carbuncle
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2170	vaginitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050490	parenchymatous neurosyphilis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111972	immunodeficiency 19
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11512	Budd-Chiari syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050495	exanthema subitum
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12842	Guillain-Barre syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111973	immunodeficiency 17
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111970	immunodeficiency 10
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111971	immunodeficiency 18
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11514	fissured tongue
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110640	congenital muscular dystrophy due to LMNA mutation
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110645	long QT syndrome 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111976	immunodeficiency 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111977	immunodeficiency 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110646	long QT syndrome 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050491	meningovascular neurosyphilis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12841	ancylostomiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111974	immunodeficiency 59
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111975	immunodeficiency 44
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110644	long QT syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110638	congenital muscular dystrophy merosin-positive
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111969	immunodeficiency 39
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110639	congenital muscular dystrophy due to integrin alpha-7 deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110636	congenital merosin-deficient muscular dystrophy 1A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111967	immunodeficiency 54
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110637	muscular dystrophy-dystroglycanopathy type B6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111968	immunodeficiency 41
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12858	Huntington's disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050489	multinodular goiter
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3497	pancreatic signet ring cell adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3498	pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11527	laryngostenosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12857	Achilles bursitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050488	early congenital syphilis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3499	gallbladder signet ring cell adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12859	choreatic disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3493	signet ring cell adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3494	bile duct signet ring cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2163	nasal cavity disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3495	extrahepatic bile duct adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3490	Noonan syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3491	Turner syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3492	mixed connective tissue disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111961	immunodeficiency 26
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110630	Wolfram syndrome 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050485	sennetsu fever
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050484	aneruptive fever
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110631	arthrogryposis due to muscular dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111962	combined immunodeficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050487	bacterial exanthem
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050486	exanthem
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111960	immunodeficiency 15A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050481	endemic typhus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110634	congenital muscular dystrophy 1B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111965	T cell, B cell, and NK cell deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110635	muscular dystrophy-dystroglycanopathy type B5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050480	epidemic typhus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111966	monocyte, dendritic cell, and NK cell deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11520	benign hypertensive renal disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111963	dendritic cell deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110632	megaconial type congenital muscular dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110633	rigid spine muscular dystrophy 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111964	B cell and dendritic cell deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111958	immunodeficiency 11B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110627	primary ciliary dyskinesia 26
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110628	primary ciliary dyskinesia 24
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111959	immunodeficiency 15B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110625	primary ciliary dyskinesia 20
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111956	immunodeficiency 27B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110626	primary ciliary dyskinesia 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111957	immunodeficiency 11A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050477	Liddle syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110629	Wolfram syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111950	immunodeficiency 29
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050474	Netherton syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050473	Alstrom syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110620	primary ciliary dyskinesia 35
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111951	immunodeficiency 40
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050476	Barth syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050475	Weill-Marchesani syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110623	primary ciliary dyskinesia 15
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050470	Donohue syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111954	immunodeficiency 60
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111955	immunodeficiency 27A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110624	primary ciliary dyskinesia 30
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050472	monilethrix
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111952	immunodeficiency 57
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110621	primary ciliary dyskinesia 17
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110622	primary ciliary dyskinesia 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050471	Carney complex
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111953	immunodeficiency 23
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111947	immunodeficiency 21
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110616	primary ciliary dyskinesia 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111948	immunodeficiency 46
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110617	primary ciliary dyskinesia 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111945	immunodeficiency 31A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110614	primary ciliary dyskinesia 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110615	primary ciliary dyskinesia 25
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111946	immunodeficiency 31C
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12836	senile entropion
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11504	autonomic neuropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050467	erythrokeratodermia variabilis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050466	Loeys-Dietz syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12835	quadriplegia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111949	immunodeficiency 36
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11506	suppurative otitis media
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050469	Costello syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110618	primary ciliary dyskinesia 13
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11507	rumination disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110619	primary ciliary dyskinesia 33
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050468	yellow nail syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12837	thyroid crisis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2187	amelogenesis imperfecta
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2181	post-surgical hypoinsulinemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050463	campomelic dysplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111940	immunodeficiency 42
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050462	Antley-Bixler syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050465	Muir-Torre syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11502	mitral valve insufficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11503	diabetic autonomic neuropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050464	Farber lipogranulomatosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111943	immunodeficiency 48
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110612	primary ciliary dyskinesia 10
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111944	immunodeficiency 31B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110613	primary ciliary dyskinesia 16
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050461	aspartylglucosaminuria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111941	immunodeficiency 20
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110610	primary ciliary dyskinesia 34
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110611	primary ciliary dyskinesia 27
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050460	Wolf-Hirschhorn syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111942	immunodeficiency 25
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050459	hyperphosphatemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2139	paraurethral gland neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12809	chronic lacrimal gland enlargement
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4796	space motion sickness
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2133	central nervous system sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050456	Buruli ulcer disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12803	Sly syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4795	GM2 gangliosidosis, AB variant
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12802	mucopolysaccharidosis I
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2135	temporal lobe neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4798	aggressive systemic mastocytosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050458	juvenile myelomonocytic leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12804	mucopolysaccharidosis IV
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050457	Sertoli cell-only syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4797	SM-AHNMD
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4791	supratentorial primitive neuroectodermal tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4794	ependymoblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3463	breast disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2132	brain sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4790	medulloepithelioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110681	congenital myasthenic syndrome 2A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110682	congenital myasthenic syndrome 16
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110680	congenital myasthenic syndrome 2C
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050452	mevalonic aciduria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050451	Brugada syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050454	periventricular nodular heterotopia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12801	mucopolysaccharidosis III
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110683	congenital myasthenic syndrome 18
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12800	mucopolysaccharidosis VI
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050453	lissencephaly
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050450	Gitelman syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050449	pachyonychia congenita
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3457	invasive lobular carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4788	intracranial primitive neuroectodermal tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050448	hereditary mucosal leukokeratosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2127	brain germinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3458	breast adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3459	breast carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2129	atypical teratoid rhabdoid tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2122	pneumonic tularemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050445	X-linked dominant hypophosphatemic rickets
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2123	tularemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050444	infantile Refsum disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4784	immune-complex glomerulonephritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3454	brain infarction
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4787	cerebellopontine angle primitive neuroectodermal tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3456	cervix erosion
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4781	diffuse glomerulonephritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4780	anti-basement membrane glomerulonephritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3450	cutaneous Paget's disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2120	focal dermal hypoplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3451	skin carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4783	mesangial proliferative glomerulonephritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4782	subacute glomerulonephritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2121	ectodermal dysplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110670	congenital myasthenic syndrome 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110671	congenital myasthenic syndrome 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050441	mucosulfatidosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110674	congenital myasthenic syndrome 17
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050440	familial partial lipodystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110675	congenital myasthenic syndrome 11
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110672	congenital myasthenic syndrome 21
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110673	congenital myasthenic syndrome 19
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110678	congenital myasthenic syndrome 4A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110679	congenital myasthenic syndrome 4C
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110676	congenital myasthenic syndrome 13
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110677	congenital myasthenic syndrome 4B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050438	Frasier syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050437	Danon disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110669	congenital myasthenic syndrome 14
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050439	Usher syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050434	Andersen-Tawil syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3486	necrobiosis lipoidica
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2155	malignant ovarian germ cell neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2156	ovarian germ cell cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050433	fatal familial insomnia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050436	mulibrey nanism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3488	cellulitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2151	malignant ovarian surface epithelial-stromal neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3482	plague
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2152	ovary epithelial cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2153	ovarian Wilms' cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2154	nephroblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3480	uveal disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3481	septicemic plague
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2150	ovarian lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111990	immunodeficiency 30
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110660	congenital myasthenic syndrome 12
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111991	immunodeficiency 62
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050430	multiple endocrine neoplasia type 2A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111994	immunodeficiency 45
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110663	congenital myasthenic syndrome 1A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111995	immunodeficiency 28
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110664	congenital myasthenic syndrome 3C
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111992	immunodeficiency 53
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050432	Asperger syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110661	congenital myasthenic syndrome 20
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050431	arrhythmogenic right ventricular cardiomyopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111993	immunodeficiency 55
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110662	congenital myasthenic syndrome 1B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110667	congenital myasthenic syndrome 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111998	immunodeficiency 66
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111999	immunodeficiency 61
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110668	congenital myasthenic syndrome 10
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111996	immunodeficiency 51
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110665	congenital myasthenic syndrome 3B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111997	immunodeficiency 63
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110666	congenital myasthenic syndrome 3A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050427	xeroderma pigmentosum
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2148	tuberculous oophoritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3479	uveal cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2149	urogenital tuberculosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050426	Stevens-Johnson syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111989	immunodeficiency 35
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050429	Hailey-Hailey disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110658	congenital myasthenic syndrome 15
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110659	congenital myasthenic syndrome 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050428	nonepidermolytic palmoplantar keratoderma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2145	malignant ovarian cyst
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2146	ovary sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050425	restless legs syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3478	iris cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050424	familial adenomatous polyposis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2140	urethral urothelial papilloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2142	urethra leiomyoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2143	ovarian malignant mesothelioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111980	immunodeficiency 64
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111983	immunodeficiency 52
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110652	long QT syndrome 11
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111984	immunodeficiency 58
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110653	long QT syndrome 12
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111981	immunodeficiency 43
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110650	long QT syndrome 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110651	long QT syndrome 10
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111982	immunodeficiency 56
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111987	immunodeficiency 13
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110656	long QT syndrome 15
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110657	congenital myasthenic syndrome 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111988	immunodeficiency 12
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110654	long QT syndrome 13
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111985	immunodeficiency 32B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111986	immunodeficiency 32A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110655	long QT syndrome 14
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050419	complement factor I deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10261	discharging ear
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11593	bladder lateral wall cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11594	ring staphyloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11599	Frey syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10264	mumps
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11595	scleral staphyloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10266	subendocardial infarction acute myocardial infarction
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10272	left bundle branch hemiblock
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10273	heart conduction disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11572	Listeria meningitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10241	thalassemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11577	Cauda equina syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10247	pleurisy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11573	listeriosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10242	ehrlichiosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11574	streptococcal meningitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10250	louping ill
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11581	phlyctenulosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11589	Riley-Day syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10254	strawberry gallbladder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111936	immunodeficiency 14
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110605	primary ciliary dyskinesia 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111937	immunodeficiency 22
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110606	primary ciliary dyskinesia 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110603	primary ciliary dyskinesia 32
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111934	immunodeficiency 38
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110604	primary ciliary dyskinesia 18
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111935	immunodeficiency 16
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110609	primary ciliary dyskinesia 23
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111938	immunodeficiency 24
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110607	primary ciliary dyskinesia 28
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111939	immunodeficiency 37
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110608	primary ciliary dyskinesia 19
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11550	oculomotor nerve paralysis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11555	Fuchs' endothelial dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12889	Miller Fisher syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11557	acute serous otitis media
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11558	acute allergic serous otitis media
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111932	severe congenital encephalopathy due to MECP2 mutation
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12883	hypochondriasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110601	primary ciliary dyskinesia 12
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11552	Bowman's membrane folds or rupture
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111933	phosphoglycerate kinase 1 deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110602	primary ciliary dyskinesia 11
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111930	spermatogenic failure 29
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11554	Chandler syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111931	syndactyly-telecanthus-anogenital and renal malformations syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10223	dermatomyositis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110600	primary ciliary dyskinesia 29
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111925	spermatogenic failure 32
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111926	spermatogenic failure 39
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111923	spermatogenic failure 42
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111924	spermatogenic failure 26
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111929	spermatogenic failure 24
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111927	spermatogenic failure 37
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111928	spermatogenic failure 27
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10230	aortic atherosclerosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11561	hypertensive retinopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10235	Brown's tendon sheath syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12897	submandibular gland disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10236	exhibitionism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11569	neurocirculatory asthenia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12899	benign lymphoepithelial lesion of salivary gland
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12894	Sjogren's syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111921	spermatogenic failure 36
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11563	retinal vasculitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111922	spermatogenic failure 31
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12895	keratoconjunctivitis sicca
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111920	spermatogenic failure 25
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10234	histoplasmosis pericarditis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111914	spermatogenic failure 35
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111915	spermatogenic failure 33
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111912	spermatogenic failure 41
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111913	spermatogenic failure 30
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10206	lipoma of spermatic cord
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111918	spermatogenic failure 40
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111919	spermatogenic failure 38
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10207	paratesticular lipoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10208	chondroid lipoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111916	spermatogenic failure 28
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111917	spermatogenic failure 43
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10209	extrahepatic bile duct lipoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10203	external auditory meatus lipoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10205	axillary lipoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111910	spermatogenic failure
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111911	spermatogenic failure 34
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10200	chest wall lipoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10201	gallbladder lipoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111903	thrombophilia due to HRG deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111904	autosomal recessive thrombophilia due to protein C deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111901	heparin cofactor II deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111902	thrombophilia due to activated protein C resistance
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111907	thrombophilia due to thrombin defect
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111908	thrombophilia due to thrombomodulin defect
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11549	Adie syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111905	autosomal recessive thrombophilia due to protein S deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111906	thrombophilia due to decreased release of PLAT
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111909	autosomal dominant thrombophilia due to protein C deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11547	corneal deposit
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11541	recurrent corneal erosion
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111900	autosomal dominant thrombophilia due to protein S deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10211	cholelithiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11543	corneal abscess
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10183	endobronchial lipoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10184	spindle cell lipoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10182	diabetic peripheral angiopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10187	esophageal lipoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10188	skin lipoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10194	kidney lipoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10195	pleural lipoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10190	liver lipoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10192	pleomorphic lipoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10193	classic type lipoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10199	breast lipoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11491	acquired night blindness
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10174	lacrimal passage granuloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10175	optic papillitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10176	neuroretinitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10177	malignant hypertensive renal disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4756	testicular Leydig cell tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3426	vestibular disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4757	testicular sex cord-stromal neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4752	multiple system atrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4751	striatonigral degeneration
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3421	trochlear nerve neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3428	granulomatous myositis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3429	inclusion body myositis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3413	alpha-mannosidosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4744	placenta accreta
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3410	carotid artery thrombosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4743	mixed testicular germ cell tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110590	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness 69
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110593	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110594	primary ciliary dyskinesia 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110591	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110592	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness 70
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110597	primary ciliary dyskinesia 22
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110598	primary ciliary dyskinesia 14
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110595	Stromme syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110596	primary ciliary dyskinesia 21
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4749	middle cranial fossa meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3417	glossopharyngeal nerve neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3418	glossopharyngeal nerve disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110599	primary ciliary dyskinesia 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3419	optic nerve neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3446	anal Paget's disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2115	B cell deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4778	proliferative glomerulonephritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4777	exudative glomerulonephritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3447	anus adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3448	penis Paget's disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3449	penis carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4779	focal embolic glomerulonephritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2112	cystoisosporiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3443	mammary Paget's disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4773	congenital mesoblastic nephroma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4776	rapidly progressive glomerulonephritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2113	coccidiosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3444	scrotum Paget's disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3445	scrotal carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110582	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness 58
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110583	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness 59
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110580	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness 54
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110581	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness 56
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110586	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness 65
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110587	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness 66
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110584	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110585	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness 64
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110588	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness 67
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110589	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness 68
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4767	classic pulmonary blastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3436	viral laryngitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4766	embryoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2106	myotonia congenita
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3437	laryngitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4769	pleuropulmonary blastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4768	epithelial predominant pulmonary blastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3431	cerebritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2101	vulva squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4762	vasculogenic impotence
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4765	pulmonary blastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110571	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness 48
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110572	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness 49
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110570	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness 47
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110575	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110576	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness 50
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110573	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness 4A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110574	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness 4B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110579	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness 53
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110577	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness 51
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110578	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness 52
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4719	bone giant cell sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4716	malignant gastric germ cell tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4715	gastric neuroendocrine neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4717	extragonadal germ cell cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4702	mongolian spot
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4708	foramen magnum meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4707	cervicomedullary junction neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4706	infratentorial cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4734	calciphylaxis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3405	histiocytosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4730	vasomotor rhinitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3401	inappropriate ADH syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4731	atrophic rhinitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4737	somatoform disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3407	carotid artery disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4739	testicular Brenner tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4723	intracranial hypotension
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4724	brain edema
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110768	hereditary spastic paraplegia 15
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110769	hereditary spastic paraplegia 16
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11637	accommodative spasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11638	presbyopia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12969	central nervous system leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2297	leptospirosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10301	parotitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11633	thyroid hormone resistance syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10302	parotid disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110763	hereditary spastic paraplegia 10
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110760	type 1 diabetes mellitus 23
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11634	myxedema
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10303	sialadenitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12965	subleukemic leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110761	type 1 diabetes mellitus 24
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12960	acrocephalosyndactylia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110766	hereditary spastic paraplegia 13
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110767	hereditary spastic paraplegia 14
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110764	hereditary spastic paraplegia 11
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12961	Poland syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110765	hereditary spastic paraplegia 12
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10300	Raynaud disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110759	type 1 diabetes mellitus 22
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110757	type 1 diabetes mellitus 20
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110758	type 1 diabetes mellitus 21
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10316	pneumoconiosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12978	Plasmodium vivax malaria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10319	mixed mineral dust pneumoconiosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2283	keratopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2286	capillary lymphangioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2280	hidradenitis suppurativa
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2282	hidradenitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110751	type 1 diabetes mellitus 12
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110752	type 1 diabetes mellitus 13
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10314	endocarditis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110750	type 1 diabetes mellitus 11
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12971	hereditary spherocytosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110755	type 1 diabetes mellitus 18
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110756	type 1 diabetes mellitus 19
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10310	viral meningitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110753	type 1 diabetes mellitus 15
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110754	type 1 diabetes mellitus 17
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12972	intrapelvic lymph node leukemic reticuloendotheliosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110749	type 1 diabetes mellitus 10
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110746	type 1 diabetes mellitus 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110747	type 1 diabetes mellitus 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050599	abdominal tuberculosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11615	penile cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050598	extrapulmonary tuberculosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110740	neurodegeneration with brain iron accumulation 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050594	glycogen storage disease IX
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110741	type 1 diabetes mellitus 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050597	intestinal schistosomiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11612	polycystic ovary syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050596	taeniasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11613	hyperandrogenism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050591	tooth agenesis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110744	type 1 diabetes mellitus 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050590	severe congenital neutropenia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110745	type 1 diabetes mellitus 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050593	primary congenital glaucoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110742	type 1 diabetes mellitus 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110743	type 1 diabetes mellitus 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050592	asphyxiating thoracic dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110737	neurodegeneration with brain iron accumulation 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11629	pelvic muscle wasting
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110738	neurodegeneration with brain iron accumulation 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110735	neurodegeneration with brain iron accumulation 2a
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110736	neurodegeneration with brain iron accumulation 2b
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050588	muscular dystrophy-dystroglycanopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050587	trichotillomania
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12959	lagophthalmos
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110739	neurodegeneration with brain iron accumulation 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050589	inflammatory bowel disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12958	paralytic lagophthalmos
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050584	gummatous syphilis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110730	neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis 4A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11623	dental pulp necrosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050585	congenital generalized lipodystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11624	penile benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050580	hereditary lymphedema
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110733	neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110734	neurodegeneration with brain iron accumulation
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110731	neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050581	brachydactyly
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110732	neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis 11
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12927	screw worm infectious disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12929	endocardial fibroelastosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050577	cranioectodermal dysplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050576	Senior-Loken syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050579	glycogen storage disease XV
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3587	pancreatic ductal carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2256	osteochondrodysplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12926	hypodermyiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050578	occult macular dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2251	hypertrophic elongation of cervix
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2253	cervix disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050573	2-hydroxyglutaric aciduria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050572	cone-rod dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050575	D-2-hydroxyglutaric aciduria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050574	L-2-hydroxyglutaric aciduria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050571	congenital disorder of glycosylation type II
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050570	congenital disorder of glycosylation type I
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3578	ovarian gonadoblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2247	spondylosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050569	Seckel syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3579	testicular gonadoblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11608	fungal meningitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3574	lateral sinus thrombosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11603	infant gynecomastia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12935	alcoholic cardiomyopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050566	X-linked nonsyndromic deafness
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12934	Kearns-Sayre syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3575	cavernous sinus thrombosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050565	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050568	spondylocostal dysostosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3576	sagittal sinus thrombosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050567	orofacial cleft
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3577	Sertoli cell tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3571	liver cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3572	intracranial sinus thrombosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110791	hereditary spastic paraplegia 3A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110792	hereditary spastic paraplegia 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110790	hereditary spastic paraplegia 39
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050562	West syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110795	hereditary spastic paraplegia 43
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12930	dilated cardiomyopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050561	Lennox-Gastaut syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110796	hereditary spastic paraplegia 44
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110793	hereditary spastic paraplegia 41
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050564	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12932	endomyocardial fibrosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110794	hereditary spastic paraplegia 42
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050563	nonsyndromic deafness
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110799	hereditary spastic paraplegia 47
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110797	hereditary spastic paraplegia 45
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050560	Walker-Warburg syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110798	hereditary spastic paraplegia 46
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050559	Fukuyama congenital muscular dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12905	sialolithiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050558	Ullrich congenital muscular dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2277	gonadal disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12901	necrotizing sialometaplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050554	X-linked sideroblastic anemia with ataxia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050557	congenital muscular dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12904	mucocele of salivary gland
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2272	vulvovaginal candidiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2273	vulvovaginitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2275	pharyngitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110780	hereditary spastic paraplegia 29
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110781	hereditary spastic paraplegia 30
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110784	hereditary spastic paraplegia 33
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110785	hereditary spastic paraplegia 34
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12900	Mikulicz disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110782	hereditary spastic paraplegia 31
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050553	JMP syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110783	hereditary spastic paraplegia 32
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110788	hereditary spastic paraplegia 37
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110789	hereditary spastic paraplegia 38
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110786	hereditary spastic paraplegia 35
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110787	hereditary spastic paraplegia 36
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050548	hereditary sensory neuropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050547	familial medullary thyroid carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110779	hereditary spastic paraplegia 28
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12919	Plasmodium ovale malaria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12918	thromboangiitis obliterans
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050549	Saldino-Noonan syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3596	placental site trophoblastic tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050544	hypermethioninemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050543	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease intermediate type
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050546	congenital adrenal insufficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050545	visceral heterotaxy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3593	epithelioid trophoblastic tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3594	choriocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3590	gestational trophoblastic neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110770	hereditary spastic paraplegia 17
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110773	hereditary spastic paraplegia 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050540	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110774	hereditary spastic paraplegia 23
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050542	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type X
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110771	hereditary spastic paraplegia 18
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110772	hereditary spastic paraplegia 19
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050541	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110777	hereditary spastic paraplegia 26
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110778	hereditary spastic paraplegia 27
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110775	hereditary spastic paraplegia 24
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110776	hereditary spastic paraplegia 25
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050537	posterior polar cataract
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050539	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050538	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050535	exudative vitreoretinopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050534	congenital stationary night blindness
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10383	amyotrophic neuralgia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050530	intermediate spinal muscular atrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050526	Gamstorp-Wohlfart syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050528	nonphotosensitive trichothiodystrophy 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050522	Balkan hemorrhagic fever
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050521	Oropouche fever
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050524	maturity-onset diabetes of the young
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050523	adult T-cell leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050529	adult spinal muscular atrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10393	secondary hypertrophic osteoarthropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10398	pneumonic plague
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10399	seminal vesicle chronic gonorrhea
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050515	paralytic poliomyelitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050514	bulbospinal polio
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050517	Barmah Forest virus disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050516	O'nyong'nyong fever
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050513	spinal polio
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050518	Ross River fever
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10361	eosinophilic meningitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11693	acute apical periodontitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10368	epididymis adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11695	portal vein thrombosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10366	epididymis cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050508	variola major
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10371	yaws
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10378	disuse amblyopia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10375	suppression amblyopia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10376	amblyopia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10377	ametropic amblyopia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110726	neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110727	neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis 13
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110724	neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis 8 northern epilepsy variant
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110725	neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis 10
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10349	solitary cyst of breast
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110728	neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110729	neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11671	hypotrichosis of eyelid
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11678	onchocerciasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10348	blepharophimosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10341	chronic meningitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110722	neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110723	neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110720	neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis 4B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110721	neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110715	congenital stationary night blindness autosomal dominant 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110716	Warburg micro syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110713	Oguchi disease-2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110714	congenital stationary night blindness 1G
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110719	Warburg micro syndrome 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110717	Warburg micro syndrome 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110718	Warburg micro syndrome 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10350	breast cyst
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10352	breast fibroadenosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110711	congenital hypotrichosis with juvenile macular dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110712	Oguchi disease-1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11684	melanoacanthoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10353	fibrosclerosis of breast
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10354	breast fibrocystic disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11685	inflamed seborrheic keratosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110710	hypotrichosis 13
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110704	hypotrichosis 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110705	hypotrichosis 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110702	hypotrichosis 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110703	hypotrichosis 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10327	anthracosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110708	hypotrichosis 11
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10328	siderosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110709	hypotrichosis 12
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10329	pneumoconiosis due to talc
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110706	hypotrichosis 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110707	hypotrichosis 10
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10323	byssinosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12986	leukostasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10324	anthracosilicosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11656	cicatricial pemphigoid
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10325	silicosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10326	Caplan's syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12987	agranulocytosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110700	hypotrichosis 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110701	hypotrichosis 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10320	asbestosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10321	baritosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12984	vagus nerve neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11653	conjunctival deposit
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10322	berylliosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11669	hypertrichosis of eyelid
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11665	Patau syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12997	Phlegmonous dacryocystitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12996	acute dacryocystitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11668	hypopigmentation of eyelid
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10337	glaucomatous atrophy of optic disc
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11661	blue color blindness
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10330	slate pneumoconiosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10331	kaolin pneumoconiosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12995	conduct disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11664	nephrosclerosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4810	cerebrotendinous xanthomatosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4813	adult brain stem glioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4812	adult brainstem gliosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4817	ganglioneuroma
http://www.geneontology.org/formats/oboInOwl#date	date
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10283	prostate cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10286	prostate carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10287	prostate squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10289	prostate malignant phyllodes tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10293	monocular esotropia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10290	prostate lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4877	breast adenoid cystic carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3545	childhood choroid plexus cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2215	factor VII deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4876	trachea carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2216	factor V deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4879	Bartholin's gland adenoid cystic carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2217	Bernard-Soulier syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4878	esophageal adenoid cystic carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3541	cerebral ventricle cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4873	anterior horn cell disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4872	lung adenoid cystic carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3542	adult choroid plexus cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2211	factor XIII deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4875	trachea adenoid cystic carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3544	atypical choroid plexus papilloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2213	hemorrhagic disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4871	cutaneous adenocystic carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3540	choroid plexus cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4870	lacrimal gland adenoid cystic carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2218	blood platelet disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2219	Glanzmann's thrombasthenia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3534	Lafora disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4866	salivary gland adenoid cystic carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3535	Unverricht-Lundborg syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4868	prostate adenoid cystic carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4867	cervical adenoid cystic carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3530	chronic wasting disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4863	spinal cord astrocytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4860	brain stem astrocytic neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4869	laryngeal adenoid cystic carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2236	congenital afibrinogenemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2237	hepatitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2239	granulomatous hepatitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4895	rete ovarii benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4894	rete ovarii adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3565	meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4897	bile duct carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2234	focal epilepsy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2235	prothrombin deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4896	bile duct adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4890	juvenile myoclonic epilepsy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4893	middle ear carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2231	factor XII deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4892	middle ear adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3557	superior mesenteric artery syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2226	myeloproliferative neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3558	duodenal obstruction
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4889	lymph node tuberculosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3559	pseudomyxoma peritonei
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2228	thrombocytosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2222	factor X deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2223	platelet storage pool deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2224	essential thrombocythemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4885	Colorado tick fever
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4880	kidney clear cell sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2229	factor XI deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110698	hypotrichosis 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110699	hypotrichosis 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3501	ampullary signet ring cell adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3502	ampulla of Vater adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3503	breast signet ring cell adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3504	prostate signet ring cell adenocarcinoma
http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#exactMatch	has exact match
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3500	gallbladder adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4830	adenosquamous carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4837	Gorham's disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4839	sebaceous adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3507	dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3508	stricture or kinking of ureter
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4838	myoepithelial carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4829	adenosquamous lung carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3523	brain stem infarction
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4855	diencephalic astrocytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3525	middle cerebral artery infarction
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3526	cerebral infarction
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4856	gliofibroma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4851	pilocytic astrocytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3520	pediatric fibrosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4853	pilocytic astrocytoma of cerebellum
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4852	pleomorphic xanthoastrocytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3522	lateral medullary syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3527	cerebral arterial disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3528	anterior cerebral artery infarction
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4858	pineal gland astrocytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3529	central core myopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3512	neurofibrosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4844	benign ependymoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4843	subependymal glioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4846	cauda equina intradural extramedullary astrocytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4845	pilomyxoid astrocytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4840	sebaceous carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4848	cerebellar astrocytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3516	adult fibrosarcoma
http://www.geneontology.org/formats/oboInOwl#SubsetProperty	subset_property
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4847	cauda equina neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3517	conventional fibrosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110889	inflammatory bowel disease 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060060	non-Hodgkin lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3267	mucinous ovarian cystadenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13938	amenorrhea
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3269	ovarian cystadenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3262	phagocyte bactericidal dysfunction
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4594	microcystic meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3263	piebaldism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060063	sideroblastic anemia 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4593	pediatric meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3264	subacute leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060062	familial juvenile hyperuricemic nephropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3265	chronic granulomatous disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060061	cutaneous T cell lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060068	nonbacterial thrombotic endocarditis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060067	Pearson syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3260	spindle cell rhabdomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060066	pyridoxine-responsive sideroblastic anemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3261	hyper IgE recurrent infection syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060065	autosomal recessive pyridoxine-refractory sideroblastic anemia 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4591	lymphoplasmacyte-rich meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110880	holoprosencephaly 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110883	inflammatory bowel disease 17
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110884	inflammatory bowel disease 23
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13934	facial paralysis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110881	holoprosencephaly 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12603	acute leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110882	inflammatory bowel disease 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110887	inflammatory bowel disease 12
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110888	inflammatory bowel disease 18
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110885	inflammatory bowel disease 10
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110886	inflammatory bowel disease 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3259	orbit rhabdomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110878	holoprosencephaly 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110879	holoprosencephaly 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4587	benign meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060071	pre-malignant neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3255	botryoid rhabdomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4586	familial meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13949	interstitial cystitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3258	orbit embryonal rhabdomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13948	bladder neck obstruction
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4588	secretory meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060075	estrogen-receptor positive breast cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3251	prostate embryonal rhabdomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060074	ductal carcinoma in situ
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3252	prostate rhabdomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3253	embryonal extrahepatic bile duct rhabdomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060073	lymphatic system cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3254	bile duct rhabdomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4584	choroid plexus meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060072	benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060079	Her2-receptor positive breast cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060078	progesterone-receptor negative breast cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060077	progesterone-receptor positive breast cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060076	estrogen-receptor negative breast cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3250	pleomorphic rhabdomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13943	acute gonococcal prostatitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110872	holoprosencephaly 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13942	acute gonococcal salpingitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110873	holoprosencephaly 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13945	CADASIL
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110870	congenital stationary night blindness 1A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110871	congenital stationary night blindness 2A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110876	holoprosencephaly 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110877	holoprosencephaly 11
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110874	holoprosencephaly 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13941	benign paroxysmal positional nystagmus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110875	holoprosencephaly 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13918	somatization disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110869	congenital stationary night blindness 1E
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110867	congenital stationary night blindness 1C
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13919	irregular astigmatism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110868	congenital stationary night blindness 1D
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060082	breast benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13913	lumbosacral plexus lesion
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060081	triple-receptor negative breast cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060080	Her2-receptor negative breast cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3284	thymic carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060086	female reproductive organ benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060085	organ system benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060084	cell type benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060083	immune system cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3280	mixed type thymoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060089	endocrine organ benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3281	combined thymoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060088	vestibular gland benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3282	dendritic cell thymoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3283	invasive malignant thymoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060087	male reproductive organ benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13910	red color blindness
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110861	autosomal recessive polycystic kidney disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110862	congenital stationary night blindness autosomal dominant 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13912	acquired color blindness
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13911	achromatopsia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110860	polycystic kidney disease 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110865	congenital stationary night blindness 1B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110866	congenital stationary night blindness 1H
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110863	congenital stationary night blindness autosomal dominant 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110864	congenital stationary night blindness 1F
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13929	lacrimal duct obstruction
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110858	polycystic kidney disease 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110859	polycystic kidney disease 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110856	posterior polymorphous corneal dystrophy 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110857	posterior polymorphous corneal dystrophy 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3277	thymus cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13924	necrotizing ulcerative gingivitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3278	encapsulated thymoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060092	immune system organ benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060091	cardiovascular organ benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3279	spindle cell thymoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060090	central nervous system benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060097	thoracic benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060096	sensory organ benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3274	proliferative type fibrocystic change of breast
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060095	uterine benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3275	thymoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060094	bone benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060099	musculoskeletal system benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060098	osteoblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13921	bacterial esophagitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110850	xeroderma pigmentosum group B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110851	rhizomelic chondrodysplasia punctata type 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13922	eosinophilic esophagitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110854	rhizomelic chondrodysplasia punctata type 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110855	posterior polymorphous corneal dystrophy 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110852	rhizomelic chondrodysplasia punctata type 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110853	rhizomelic chondrodysplasia punctata type 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4558	Ludwig's angina
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3227	tracheal stenosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4557	oral leukoedema
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3229	gastric dilatation
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050698	funisitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4554	type C thymoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3222	causalgia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050697	chorioamnionitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3223	complex regional pain syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5884	benign intermediate mesothelioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4553	thymus large cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4556	lung large cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050699	Dent disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3225	tracheal disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4555	ovarian large-cell neuroendocrine carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4550	anal gland neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4552	large cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4551	anus benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050694	Brown-Vialetto-Van Laere syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050693	Brooke-Spiegler syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050696	fetal alcohol spectrum disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050695	malignant pleural solitary fibrous tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050690	brachyolmia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050692	Brody myopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050691	branchiooculofacial syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4547	adult mesenchymal chondrosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4546	pediatric mesenchymal chondrosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3216	jejunal somatostatinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5877	endocardium cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13909	red-green color blindness
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4549	extraosseous chondrosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4548	extraskeletal mesenchymal chondrosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3218	jejunal neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3211	lysosomal storage disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050687	cell type cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4543	retrograde amnesia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5874	retroperitoneal germ cell neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13902	white piedra
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050686	organ system cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4542	basophil adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3213	demyelinating disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4545	mesenchymal chondrosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050689	brachydactyly-syndactyly syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5876	apocrine sweat gland neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5875	retroperitoneal cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050688	anal canal cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5870	eosinophilic pneumonia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4541	nominal aphasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3210	Pelizaeus-Merzbacher disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4540	dysgraphia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050683	Bothnia retinal dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050682	Athabaskan brainstem dysgenesis syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050685	small cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050684	Bowen-Conradi syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050681	Borjeson-Forssman-Lehmann syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050680	Boomerang dysplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050679	blue cone monochromacy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050676	Birt-Hogg-Dube syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050675	Birk-Barel syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3246	embryonal rhabdomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050678	Blau syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050677	Bjornstad syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3247	rhabdomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3240	aspiration pneumonitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3241	lipid pneumonia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050672	dyskinetic cerebral palsy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050671	female breast cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050674	congenital bile acid synthesis defect
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050673	mixed cerebral palsy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050670	ataxic cerebral palsy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050669	spastic cerebral palsy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050668	alcohol-related birth defect
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5896	ovarian clear cell cystadenofibroma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050665	fetal alcohol syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050664	Bietti crystalline corneoretinal dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5895	clear cell cystadenofibroma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3234	central nervous system lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050667	alcohol-related neurodevelopmental disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5897	ovarian clear cell adenofibroma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050666	partial fetal alcohol syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4561	granulomatous endometritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3230	high pressure neurological syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4560	non specific chronic endometritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5894	adult malignant mesenchymoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4562	subacute bacterial endocarditis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5893	childhood malignant mesenchymoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5890	malignant adult ependymoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110890	inflammatory bowel disease 19
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110891	inflammatory bowel disease 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050661	vitelliform macular dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110894	inflammatory bowel disease 11
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110895	inflammatory bowel disease 14
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050660	Beare-Stevenson cutis gyrata syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050663	Bethlem myopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110892	inflammatory bowel disease 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050662	bestrophinopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110893	inflammatory bowel disease 13
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110898	inflammatory bowel disease 20
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110899	inflammatory bowel disease 28
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110896	inflammatory bowel disease 16
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110897	inflammatory bowel disease 15
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050658	Bart-Pumphrey syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110803	hereditary spastic paraplegia 51
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050657	Bannayan-Riley-Ruvalcaba syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110804	hereditary spastic paraplegia 52
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110801	hereditary spastic paraplegia 49
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110802	hereditary spastic paraplegia 50
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050659	biotin-responsive basal ganglia disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050654	Baller-Gerold syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110807	hereditary spastic paraplegia 55
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110808	hereditary spastic paraplegia 56
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110805	hereditary spastic paraplegia 53
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050656	pseudo-TORCH syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050655	Bamforth-Lazarus syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110806	hereditary spastic paraplegia 54
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110809	hereditary spastic paraplegia 57
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12680	pseudobulbar palsy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12683	vestibular neuronitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10020	ampulla of Vater cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10021	duodenum cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12689	acoustic neuroma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050650	familial atrial fibrillation
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10027	tabes dorsalis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050651	atrioventricular septal defect
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11353	bladder diverticulum
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12685	mixed receptive-expressive language disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10022	ampulla of Vater neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11354	stone in bladder diverticulum
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110800	hereditary spastic paraplegia 48
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11355	bladder calculus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10024	migraine with aura
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050647	Arts syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050646	distal arthrogryposis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050649	atransferrinemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050648	atelosteogenesis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050642	hypochromic microcytic anemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050645	arterial tortuosity syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050644	arterial calcification of infancy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/IAO_0000119	definition source
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11360	Phlebotomus fever
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10030	interstitial emphysema
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10031	compensatory emphysema
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10032	hyperlucent lung
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10039	late congenital syphilis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050641	Rh deficiency syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050640	anauxetic dysplasia 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11364	lens subluxation
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10033	cycloplegia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10034	eye accommodation disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10035	asymptomatic neurosyphilis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12698	gynecomastia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11367	congenital aphakia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12697	locked-in syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050636	familial visceral amyloidosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050635	alternating hemiplegia of childhood
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050638	transthyretin amyloidosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050637	Finnish type amyloidosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11339	pneumocystosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050632	oculocutaneous albinism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050631	Allan-Herndon-Dudley syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050634	alopecia universalis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050633	ocular albinism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050639	primary cutaneous amyloidosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12661	tooth ankylosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11330	erysipelas
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12667	binocular vision disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11335	sarcoidosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11336	rhinoscleroma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050630	Aland Island eye disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11337	Lemierre's syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11338	tetanus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13999	contact blepharoconjunctivitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12668	abnormal retinal correspondence
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13994	cleidocranial dysplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12663	blastomycosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12662	paracoccidioidomycosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13996	small intestine lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10003	sensorineural hearing loss
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050625	biliary tract benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050624	gastrointestinal system benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050626	gastrointestinal neuroendocrine tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050621	respiratory system benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050620	infiltrating renal pelvis transitional cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050623	bladder benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050622	reproductive organ benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050629	Aicardi-Goutieres syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050628	advanced sleep phase syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12678	hypercalcemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10016	multiple endocrine neoplasia type 2B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10017	multiple endocrine neoplasia type 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12679	nephrocalcinosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11342	arcus senilis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10011	thyroid lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11343	scleral disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110847	xeroderma pigmentosum variant type
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050614	bronchus carcinoma in situ
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110848	xeroderma pigmentosum group F
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050613	bile duct carcinoma in situ
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110845	xeroderma pigmentosum group D
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110846	xeroderma pigmentosum group E
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050615	respiratory system cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050610	oral cavity carcinoma in situ
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050612	gallbladder carcinoma in situ
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110849	xeroderma pigmentosum group G
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050611	pharynx carcinoma in situ
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050619	paranasal sinus cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13976	peptic esophagitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110840	Usher syndrome type 2D
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11315	African histoplasmosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11316	histoplasmosis retinitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13972	female breast lower-outer quadrant cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110843	xeroderma pigmentosum group A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12641	displacement of cardia through esophageal hiatus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110844	xeroderma pigmentosum group C
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110841	Usher syndrome type 3A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12642	hiatus hernia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11312	Mobitz type II atrioventricular block
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110842	Usher syndrome type 3B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050603	acheiropody
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110836	Usher syndrome type 1J
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050602	triple-A syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110837	Usher syndrome type 1K
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050605	acrodermatitis enteropathica
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110834	Usher syndrome type 1G
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110835	Usher syndrome type 1H
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050604	acrocapitofemoral dysplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11328	schizophreniform disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11329	ainhum
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110838	Usher syndrome type 2A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050601	ADULT syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050600	ABCD syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110839	Usher syndrome type 2C
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3298	vaccinia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050606	acrokeratosis verruciformis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3292	monkeypox
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050608	Askin's tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12657	vestibulocochlear nerve disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110832	Usher syndrome type 1F
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11320	Kyasanur forest disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110833	Usher syndrome type 1E
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110830	Usher syndrome type 1C
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110831	Usher syndrome type 1D
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110825	hereditary spastic paraplegia 9B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110826	Usher syndrome type 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110823	hereditary spastic paraplegia 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110824	hereditary spastic paraplegia 9A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110829	retinitis pigmentosa-deafness syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13958	uterine corpus bizarre leiomyoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13957	uterine corpus lipoleiomyoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110827	Usher syndrome type 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110828	Usher syndrome type 3
http://www.geneontology.org/formats/oboInOwl#hasDbXref	database_cross_reference
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13953	uterine corpus dissecting leiomyoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13956	uterine corpus myxoid leiomyoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13955	uterus interstitial leiomyoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110821	hereditary spastic paraplegia 76
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110822	hereditary spastic paraplegia 77
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110820	hereditary spastic paraplegia 75
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13951	uterine corpus epithelioid leiomyoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110814	hereditary spastic paraplegia 63
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110815	hereditary spastic paraplegia 64
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110812	hereditary spastic paraplegia 61
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110813	hereditary spastic paraplegia 62
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110818	hereditary spastic paraplegia 73
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12638	hypertrophic pyloric stenosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110819	hereditary spastic paraplegia 74
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12637	perineocele
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110816	hereditary spastic paraplegia 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110817	hereditary spastic paraplegia 72
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12639	pyloric stenosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11302	cercarial dermatitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13964	Morgagni cataract
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110810	hereditary spastic paraplegia 5A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110811	hereditary spastic paraplegia 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_13963	nuclear senile cataract
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11294	arteriovenous malformation
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11295	retinal microaneurysm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11299	vertebral artery occlusion
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11277	Plummer's disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11283	peripheral scars of retina
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11285	tick paralysis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11282	solar retinopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11289	ventilation pneumonitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12581	olecranon bursitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11252	microcytic anemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12583	velocardiofacial syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12580	Cri-Du-Chat syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11258	cat-scratch disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11254	Brill-Zinsser disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11256	typhus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11257	social phobia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11262	ornithosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11263	chlamydia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12594	Potter's syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11260	rabies
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11269	chronic apical periodontitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11265	trachoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11266	Hantavirus hemorrhagic fever with renal syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11267	keratomalacia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5845	anterolateral myocardial infarction
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7	disease of anatomical entity
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4514	thyroid angiosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5844	myocardial infarction
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4513	gallbladder angiosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5847	posterior myocardial infarction
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4515	thyroid sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5846	septal myocardial infarction
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4510	aorta angiosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4	disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4512	conventional angiosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5843	posteroinferior myocardial infarction
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4511	breast angiosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5842	testis seminoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5849	subendocardial myocardial infarction
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5848	apical myocardial infarction
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4517	skin angiosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5834	spermatocytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4505	pediatric angiosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4504	central nervous system angiosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5830	cervical endometrioid adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4501	orofaciodigital syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5831	fallopian tube endometrioid adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4500	hypokalemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5838	extragonadal seminoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5867	clear cell chondrosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3204	neurilemmomatosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4535	hypotrichosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3205	melanotic neurilemmoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5866	juxtacortical chondrosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3206	plexiform schwannoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3200	cerebellopontine angle tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4531	mucoepidermoid carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5862	localized chondrosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3201	sympathetic neurilemmoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4534	Hallermann-Streiff syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3202	neurilemmoma of the fifth cranial nerve
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3203	macrocystic neurilemmoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5861	myxoid chondrosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060002	C1 inhibitor deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060001	withdrawal disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060000	infective endocarditis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060005	autoimmune disease of endocrine system
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060004	autoimmune disease of central nervous system
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060009	MHC class I deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060008	janus kinase-3 deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060007	CD3zeta deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3209	junctional epidermolysis bullosa
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4525	mediastinum angiosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4524	prostate angiosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5855	anteroseptal myocardial infarction
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4527	ovarian angiosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5852	inferolateral myocardial infarct
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4521	cervix endometrial stromal tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4520	cervical endometrial stromal sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5851	posterolateral myocardial infarction
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5854	silent myocardial infarction
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5853	lateral myocardial infarction
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4522	superior vena cava angiosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5850	inferior myocardial infarction
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060013	X-linked severe combined immunodeficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060012	recombinase activating gene 2 deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060011	recombinase activating gene 1 deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060010	Omenn syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060017	CD3epsilon deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060016	CD3delta deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060015	interleukin-7 receptor alpha deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060014	CD45 deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060019	coronin-1A deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060018	CD3gamma deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5859	periosteal chondrosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060020	reticular dysgenesis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060024	lambda 5 deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060023	immunodeficiency with hyper IgM type 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060022	CD40 ligand deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060021	DNA ligase IV deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060028	Good syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060027	agammaglobulinemia 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060026	immunoglobulin beta deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060025	immunoglobulin alpha deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060029	autoimmune disease of exocrine system
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5809	childhood parosteal osteogenic sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5805	subvalvular aortic stenosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5804	discrete subaortic stenosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5806	stork bite
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060031	autoimmune disease of gastrointestinal tract
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060030	autoimmune disease of eyes, ear, nose and throat
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060033	autoimmune disease of peripheral nervous system
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060032	autoimmune disease of musculoskeletal system
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060039	autoimmune disease of skin and connective tissue
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060038	specific developmental disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060037	developmental disorder of mental health
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060036	intrinsic cardiomyopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5823	pediatric lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5822	gray zone lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5825	adult lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5821	methotrexate-associated lymphoproliferation
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5820	composite lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060042	atypical autism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060041	autism spectrum disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060040	pervasive developmental disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060046	aphasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060045	Munchausen by proxy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060044	paraphilia disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060043	sexual disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060049	autoimmune disease of urogenital tract
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060048	nosophobia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060047	writing disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5826	breast lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5829	uterine ligament endometrioid adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5828	endometrioid ovary carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5812	MHC class II deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5813	purine nucleoside phosphorylase deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5810	adenosine deaminase deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060051	autoimmune disease of cardiovascular system
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060050	autoimmune disease of blood
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060057	gluten allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060056	hypersensitivity reaction disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060055	popliteal pterygium syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060054	autonomic peripheral neuropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060058	lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5815	cerebral lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060181	ischemic colitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3388	periodontal disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060180	colitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2058	chronic mucocutaneous candidiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3389	Papillon-Lefevre disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2059	vulvar disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060185	Clostridium difficile colitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2053	reactive cutaneous fibrous lesion
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060184	lymphocytic colitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060183	collagenous colitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3385	bacterial vaginosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2055	post-traumatic stress disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060182	microscopic colitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060189	ileitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060188	jejunoileitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060187	diversion colitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2050	acute maxillary sinusitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3381	liposarcoma of bone
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2051	maxillary sinusitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3382	liposarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060186	chemical colitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12721	multiple epiphyseal dysplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12720	cerebral atherosclerosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110999	Joubert syndrome 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11405	diphtheria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3376	bone osteosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060192	Crohn's colitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3377	small cell osteogenic sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060191	gastroduodenal Crohn's disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11406	choroiditis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060190	ileocolitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2047	hepatitis D
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3378	conventional central osteosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3379	metachronous osteosarcoma of the bone
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2048	autoimmune hepatitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060196	amyotrophic lateral sclerosis type 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3372	chondroblastic osteosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3373	juxtacortical osteosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060195	amyotrophic lateral sclerosis type 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060194	amyotrophic lateral sclerosis type 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2043	hepatitis B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3374	peripheral osteosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060193	amyotrophic lateral sclerosis type 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2044	drug-induced hepatitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060199	amyotrophic lateral sclerosis type 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060198	amyotrophic lateral sclerosis type 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060197	amyotrophic lateral sclerosis type 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3371	chondrosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110990	Joubert syndrome 21
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11401	xanthogranulomatous pyelonephritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110993	Joubert syndrome 24
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12733	hypercementosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110994	Joubert syndrome 25
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12732	intermediate uveitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12735	hernia of ovary and fallopian tube
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110991	Joubert syndrome 22
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110992	Joubert syndrome 23
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110997	Joubert syndrome 28
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110998	Joubert syndrome 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12731	pars planitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110995	Joubert syndrome 26
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11400	pyelonephritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110996	Joubert syndrome 27
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12707	myoclonic cerebellar dyssynergia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110988	Joubert syndrome 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110989	Joubert syndrome 20
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12704	ataxia telangiectasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2078	chondroid syringoma of the vulva
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2079	eccrine mixed tumor of skin
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12705	Friedreich ataxia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2074	intestinal perforation
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2075	minor vestibular glands adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2076	vulvar glandular tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2071	vulvar squamous papilloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2072	vulvar squamous tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2073	perinatal intestinal perforation
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2080	vulvar trichoepithelioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12700	hyperprolactinemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110982	Joubert syndrome 13
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110983	Joubert syndrome 14
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110980	Joubert syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110981	Joubert syndrome 10
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110986	Joubert syndrome 17
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110987	Joubert syndrome 18
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110984	Joubert syndrome 15
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110985	Joubert syndrome 16
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110979	Sugarman brachydactyly
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12718	chronic gonococcal salpingitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110977	brachydactyly type A1C
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110978	brachydactyly type A1D
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12714	Ellis-Van Creveld syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2068	Bartholin's gland benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12716	newborn respiratory distress syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2064	vulvar syringoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2065	syringoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2066	vulvar angiokeratoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3390	palmoplantar keratosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2060	vulvar nodular hidradenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2061	nodular hidradenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3393	coronary artery disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12711	black piedra
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110971	brachydactyly type D
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110972	brachydactyly type E1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110970	brachydactyly type C
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12712	nephronophthisis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110975	brachydactyly type B2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110976	brachydactyly type E2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110973	Mononen-Karnes-Senac syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110974	brachydactyly type A1B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3347	osteosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4679	breast mucoepidermoid carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4678	thymus mucoepidermoid carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2018	hyperinsulinism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3343	glycoproteinosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2012	Nezelof syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4675	uremic neuropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4674	androgen insensitivity syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4677	keratitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3345	xanthomatosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4676	uremia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4671	freemartinism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3341	osteitis fibrosa
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3342	bone inflammation disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5999	apocrine adenosis of breast
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2006	preretinal fibrosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5998	microglandular adenosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2007	degeneration of macula and posterior pole
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3332	haemonchiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2001	neuroma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4664	filamentary keratitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5997	non-proliferative fibrocystic change of the breast
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5996	blunt duct adenosis of breast
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4660	indolent systemic mastocytosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5990	internal auditory canal meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4662	thalamic disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3330	partial sensory epilepsy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2000	otosalpingitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4661	multiple chemical sensitivity
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3331	frontal lobe epilepsy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3369	Ewing sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050797	peroxisomal acyl-CoA oxidase deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2034	encephalomalacia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4697	perineurioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050796	achalasia microcephaly syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4696	intraneural perineurioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4699	epicardium cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050799	guanidinoacetate methyltransferase deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3367	bone leiomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3368	Ewing sarcoma of bone
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4698	nerve root neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050798	cerebral creatine deficiency syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2030	anxiety disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3361	pediatric osteosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4693	nerve plexus neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3362	coronary aneurysm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4692	endophthalmitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2033	communication disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4691	malignant mediastinal neurogenic neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4690	childhood mediastinal neurogenic tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3360	multifocal osteogenic sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050793	short QT syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050792	multiple cutaneous and mucosal venous malformations
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050795	cone dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050794	multiple synostoses syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050791	persistent Mullerian duct syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050790	fibular hypoplasia and complex brachydactyly
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050789	tarsal-carpal coalition syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3354	fibrosarcoma of bone
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050786	iridogoniodysgenesis syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4686	mucoepidermoid esophageal carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3355	fibrosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2024	placental choriocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050785	progressive relapsing multiple sclerosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4685	lacrimal gland mucoepidermoid carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2025	gestational choriocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050788	proximal symphalangism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3356	localized osteosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4688	laryngeal mucoepidermoid carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3357	extraosseous osteosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050787	juvenile polyposis syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4687	thyroid gland mucoepidermoid carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4682	extrahepatic bile duct carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3350	mesenchymal cell neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4681	bile duct mucoepidermoid carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3351	bone angioendothelial sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3352	malignant fibrous histiocytoma of bone
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2021	placenta cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4683	cutaneous mucoepidermoid carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4680	breast metaplastic carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050782	Zollinger-Ellison syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050781	Ogden syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050784	primary progressive multiple sclerosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050783	secondary progressive multiple sclerosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050780	Opitz-GBBB syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110924	familial hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050779	hydrolethalus syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050778	Meckel syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110925	familial hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110922	familial hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110923	familial hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050775	schneckenbecken dysplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110928	nemaline myopathy 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110929	nemaline myopathy 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050774	rapadilino syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050777	Joubert syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110926	nemaline myopathy 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050776	non-syndromic X-linked intellectual disability
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110927	nemaline myopathy 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10140	dry eye syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11472	subglottis cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050771	pheochromocytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050770	polycystic liver disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050773	paraganglioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10149	long bones of lower limb cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050772	spastic ataxia 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110920	hereditary spherocytosis type 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110921	familial hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11476	osteoporosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10146	thymus lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050768	mitochondrial complex V (ATP synthase) deficiency, nuclear type 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110913	adult hypophosphatasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050767	midface dysplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110914	infantile hypophosphatasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050769	N syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110912	leukocyte adhesion deficiency 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050764	Armfield syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110917	hereditary spherocytosis type 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050763	ARC syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110918	hereditary spherocytosis type 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110915	childhood hypophosphatasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050766	choreaacanthocytosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110916	hereditary spherocytosis type 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050765	neuroacanthocytosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110919	hereditary spherocytosis type 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/doid#inheres_in	inheres_in
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11481	constrictive pericarditis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10151	malignant neoplasm of short bones of lower limb
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11482	hemopericardium
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10152	Meckel's diverticulum cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10153	ileum cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050760	X-linked myopathy with excessive autophagy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10159	osteonecrosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050762	adenylosuccinase lyase deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10154	small intestine cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11486	Horner's syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110910	leukocyte adhesion deficiency 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10155	intestinal cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10156	ileal neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11488	idiopathic peripheral autonomic neuropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050757	deafness-dystonia-optic neuronopathy syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110902	inflammatory bowel disease 27
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110903	inflammatory bowel disease 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050759	myotonic dystrophy type 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110900	inflammatory bowel disease 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050758	metabolic acidosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110901	inflammatory bowel disease 26
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110906	inflammatory bowel disease 21
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050753	cerebellar ataxia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050752	amyotrophic lateral sclerosis type 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110907	inflammatory bowel disease 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110904	inflammatory bowel disease 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050755	ataxia with oculomotor apraxia type 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050754	ataxia with oculomotor apraxia type 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110905	inflammatory bowel disease 22
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110908	inflammatory bowel disease 24
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110909	inflammatory bowel disease 25
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12782	cicatricial ectropion
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11450	allergic cutaneous vasculitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10120	eyelid degenerative disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10125	acute hydrops keratoconus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10126	keratoconus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11457	brain compression
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050751	T-cell large granular lymphocyte leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10127	cerebral artery occlusion
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11459	pseudotumor cerebri
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10128	venous insufficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050750	splenic marginal zone lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11452	perinatal jaundice due to hepatocellular damage
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10122	hyperpigmentation of eyelid
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12783	migraine without aura
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10123	pigmentation disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10124	corneal disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12785	diabetic polyneuropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050746	mantle cell lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050745	diffuse large B-cell lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050748	marginal zone B-cell lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050747	lymphoplasmacytic lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050742	nicotine dependence
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050741	alcohol dependence
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050744	anaplastic large cell lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050743	mature T-cell and NK-cell lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050749	peripheral T-cell lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10131	psychologic vaginismus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12799	mucopolysaccharidosis II
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12798	mucopolysaccharidosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10138	xerophthalmia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050740	Qazi Markouizos syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10139	conjunctival degeneration
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10132	psychosexual disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12797	hallucinogen abuse
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11465	autonomic nervous system disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110968	brachydactyly type A6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050735	X-linked monogenic disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110969	brachydactyly type B1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050734	congenital intrinsic factor deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050737	autosomal recessive disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110966	brachydactyly type A3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110967	brachydactyly type A4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050736	autosomal dominant disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050731	vitamin B12 deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050730	coenzyme Q10 deficiency disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050733	methylmalonic aciduria and homocystinuria type cblG
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050732	methylmalonic aciduria and homocystinuria type cblE
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2096	vulvar sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2097	vulval Paget's disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2098	vulva adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050739	autosomal genetic disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2092	transient arthritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050738	Y-linked monogenic disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2093	vulvar melanoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2095	sweat gland cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110960	Gaucher's disease perinatal lethal
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110961	atypical Gaucher's disease due to saposin c deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110964	brachydactyly type A1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11430	endometriosis in scar of skin
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110965	brachydactyly type A2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11431	endometriosis of rectovaginal septum and vagina
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11432	endometriosis of ovary
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110962	brachydactyly-preaxial hallux varus syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110963	Ballard syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050724	PSPH deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110957	Gaucher's disease type I
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050723	PSAT deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110958	Gaucher's disease type II
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110955	Waardenburg syndrome type 4C
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050726	tyrosinemia type I
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050725	tyrosinemia type II
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110956	Waardenburg syndrome type 2E
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2089	constipation
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050720	ornithine translocase deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050722	PHGDH deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110959	Gaucher's disease type III
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050721	serine deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2088	outlet dysfunction constipation
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050728	glycogen metabolism disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050727	tyrosinemia type III
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050729	neutral lipid storage disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110950	Waardenburg syndrome type 2A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11446	sciatic neuropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110953	Waardenburg syndrome type 4A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110954	Waardenburg syndrome type 4B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110951	Waardenburg syndrome type 2C
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10112	sleeping sickness
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110952	Waardenburg syndrome type 2D
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10113	trypanosomiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110946	autosomal recessive osteopetrosis 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050713	fatal infantile cardioencephalomyopathy due to cytochrome c oxidase deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050712	AGAT deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110947	Waardenburg syndrome type 2B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050715	methylmalonic aciduria and homocystinuria type cblC
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110944	autosomal recessive osteopetrosis 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110945	autosomal recessive osteopetrosis 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110948	Waardenburg syndrome type 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050711	aceruloplasminemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050710	3-Methylcrotonyl-CoA carboxylase deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110949	Waardenburg syndrome type 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050717	methylmalonic aciduria and homocystinuria type cblF
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050716	methylmalonic aciduria and homocystinuria type cblD
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050719	cerebral folate receptor alpha deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050718	vitamin metabolic disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110942	autosomal recessive osteopetrosis 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110943	autosomal recessive osteopetrosis 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110940	autosomal recessive osteopetrosis 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110941	autosomal recessive osteopetrosis 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050702	neonatal period electroclinical syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110935	nemaline myopathy 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050701	electroclinical syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110936	nemaline myopathy 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110933	nemaline myopathy 11
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050704	childhood electroclinical syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110934	nemaline myopathy 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050703	infancy electroclinical syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12759	choroid cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11427	endosalpingiosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110939	autosomal recessive osteopetrosis 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11428	endometriosis of intestine
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050700	cardiomyopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11429	endometriosis of pelvic peritoneum
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110937	autosomal dominant osteopetrosis 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110938	autosomal dominant osteopetrosis 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050709	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050706	variable age at onset electroclinical syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050705	adolescence-adult electroclinical syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050708	early onset absence epilepsy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11424	fallopian tube endometriosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12756	lacrimal duct cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110931	nemaline myopathy 10
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110932	nemaline myopathy 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12750	cyclosporiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12753	corneal staphyloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110930	nemaline myopathy 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050812	spondyloepimetaphyseal dysplasia, Pakistani type
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050811	congenital adrenal hyperplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050814	temtamy preaxial brachydactyly syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050813	spondyloepiphyseal dysplasia with congenital joint dislocations
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050810	biotin deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050816	urofacial syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050818	transcobalamin II deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050817	Stargardt disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050801	androgenic alopecia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050800	creatine transporter deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050803	glioblastoma classical subtype
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050802	Ehlers-Danlos syndrome spondylodysplastic type 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050809	mucopolysaccharidosis IX
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050805	glioblastoma mesenchymal subtype
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050804	glioblastoma proneural subtype
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050807	Kahrizi syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050806	glioblastoma neural subtype
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5900	meningeal melanocytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10087	gastric leiomyoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10080	sparganosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10081	syphilitic encephalitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5908	penis verrucous carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5907	penis non-invasive verrucous carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10095	intracranial abscess
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/doid#composed_of	composed_of
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11394	adult respiratory distress syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11396	pulmonary edema
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11390	cerebral arteritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10069	subglottis neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/doid#results_in_formation_of	results_in_formation_of
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10073	syphilitic meningitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10074	hymenolepiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10075	diphyllobothriasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10070	larynx leiomyoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10071	larynx squamous papilloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10079	cysticercosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10040	malignant eyelid melanoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11371	functional diarrhea
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10041	dysplastic nevus syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11372	megacolon
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11374	anal spasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11379	gnathomiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10044	balloon cell malignant melanoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10047	nodular malignant melanoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11382	corneal neovascularization
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11383	cryptorchidism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11385	expressive language disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10054	skin amelanotic melanoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11387	epidural abscess
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11389	subdural empyema
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3303	notochordal cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3304	germinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3305	teratocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4637	cervical adenitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4636	submandibular adenitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3306	mixed germ cell cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4630	inverted transitional papilloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3301	gonadoblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4633	nasal cavity inverting papilloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3302	chordoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060101	benign glioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060100	musculoskeletal system cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060104	cerebellar medulloblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060103	central nervous system primitive neuroectodermal neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060102	cartilage cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060109	vulvar benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060108	brain glioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060106	brain meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3307	teratoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4639	suppurative lymphadenitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4638	postauricular lymphadenitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3308	embryonal carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3309	neurodermatitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4624	Ollier disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5957	bladder urachal squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4626	hydranencephaly
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4621	holoprosencephaly
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060112	ovarian benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060111	fallopian tube benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060110	cervical benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060116	sensory system cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060115	nervous system benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060114	vaginal benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060119	pharynx cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060118	thoracic disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060117	peritoneal benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4627	ideomotor apraxia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5958	bladder urachal carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3325	hyperglobulinemic purpura
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4656	extraocular retinoblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3326	purpura
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4659	extracutaneous mastocytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3327	partial motor epilepsy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4658	benign mastocytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3328	temporal lobe epilepsy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4653	intraocular retinoblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3321	GM2 gangliosidosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5983	kidney osteogenic sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3322	GM1 gangliosidosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3323	Sandhoff disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3324	mood disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5982	kidney fibrosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4651	unilateral retinoblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3320	Tay-Sachs disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4650	bilateral retinoblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060123	connective tissue benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060122	integumentary system cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060121	integumentary system benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060127	gamma heavy chain disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060126	alpha chain disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060125	heavy chain disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060129	delta chain disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060128	mu chain disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3329	benign epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3314	angiomyolipoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5977	renal pelvis benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5976	occlusion precerebral artery
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3315	lipoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4645	retinal cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3316	perivascular tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4648	familial retinoblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3317	hepatic angiomyolipoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4647	trilateral retinoblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3310	atopic dermatitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5973	kidney pelvis papillary carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5975	renal pelvis papillary tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3312	bipolar disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4644	epidermolysis bullosa simplex
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5974	renal pelvis transitional cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060130	akinetopsia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4640	axillary adenitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060134	apperceptive agnosia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060133	anosognosia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060132	amusia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060131	alexithymia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060138	autotopagnosia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060137	auditory agnosia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060136	associative agnosia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060135	apraxia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060139	color agnosia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3318	epithelioid type angiomyolipoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0001816	angiosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3319	lymphangioleiomyomatosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5922	adult brainstem astrocytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5921	adult brainstem mixed glioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5923	distal biliary tract carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060141	finger agnosia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060140	cortical deafness
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060145	pain agnosia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060144	mirror agnosia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060143	integrative agnosia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060142	form agnosia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060149	social emotional agnosia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060148	simultanagnosia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060147	semantic agnosia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060146	phonagnosia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5926	extrahepatic bile duct small cell adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5913	brachial plexus neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060152	time agnosia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060151	tactile agnosia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060150	astereognosia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060156	visual verbal agnosia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060155	visual agnosia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060154	verbal auditory agnosia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060153	topographical agnosia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060159	organic acidemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060158	acquired metabolic disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060157	diffuse alopecia areata
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5915	uterus intravascular leiomyomatosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5914	nonencapsulated sclerosing carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5917	uterine corpus diffuse leiomyomatosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5916	uterine corpus leiomyomatosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4613	ulnar neuropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5940	malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4610	intestinal benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060163	body dysmorphic disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060162	dentatorubral-pallidoluysian atrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060161	Kennedy's disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060160	childhood spinal muscular atrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060167	seasonal affective disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060166	bipolar ll disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060165	Kleine-Levin syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060164	pain disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060169	benign familial infantile epilepsy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060168	histidinemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4617	periapical granuloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5948	angiokeratoma of mibelli
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4618	maxillary cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5949	angiokeratoma circumscriptum
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4603	epidermolytic hyperkeratosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060170	generalized epilepsy with febrile seizures plus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060174	GABA aminotransferase deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060173	Timothy syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060172	juvenile absence epilepsy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060178	familial hemiplegic migraine
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060177	homocarnosinosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060176	gamma-amino butyric acid metabolism disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060175	succinic semialdehyde dehydrogenase deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060179	Renpenning syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4606	bile duct cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5936	ovarian mixed germ cell neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4608	common bile duct neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4607	biliary tract cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11990	ulceroglandular tularemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050012	chikungunya
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11996	spermatic cord torsion
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11997	spermatocele
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050013	carbohydrate metabolism disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10660	mediastinum neuroblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11991	osteopoikilosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10661	mediastinum ganglioneuroblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11994	atrophy of testis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050004	seminal vesicle acute gonorrhea
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10646	schizotypal personality disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10648	acute inferoposterior infarction
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10649	acute inferolateral myocardial infarction
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11975	coloboma of optic nerve
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11976	botulism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11971	synostosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10657	colonic lymphangioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11988	conjunctival concretion
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11984	hypertrophic cardiomyopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10655	lipoma of colon
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10656	colon leiomyoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11981	morbid obesity
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10651	acute anterolateral myocardial infarction
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11983	Prader-Willi syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10652	Alzheimer's disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110209	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease X-linked dominant 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10629	microphthalmia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111538	paramyotonia congenita of Von Eulenburg
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110207	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease X-linked dominant 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111539	parastremmatic dwarfism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110208	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease X-linked recessive 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1287	cardiovascular system disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1289	neurodegenerative disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10627	primary optic atrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1283	enterocele
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1284	prolapse of female genital organ
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1285	rectal disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110201	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease recessive intermediate A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111532	osteoglophonic dysplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111533	gnathodiaphyseal dysplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110202	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease dominant intermediate A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111530	linear nevus sebaceous syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111531	bilateral optic nerve hypoplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110200	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease dominant intermediate D
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110205	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease dominant intermediate E
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111536	Buschke-Ollendorff syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110206	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease dominant intermediate F
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111537	paroxysmal extreme pain disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111534	multicentric carpotarsal osteolysis syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110203	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease recessive intermediate D
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111535	progressive osseous heteroplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110204	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease recessive intermediate B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111529	familial multiple nevi flammei
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1279	ocular motility disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111527	spinal muscular atrophy with progressive myoclonic epilepsy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111528	Naegeli-Franceschetti-Jadassohn syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11968	postmenopausal atrophic vaginitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1278	tolosa-hunt syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1271	capillary disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1272	telangiectasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1273	respiratory syncytial virus infectious disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1270	hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10631	partial optic atrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111521	autosomal dominant progressive external ophthalmoplegia 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11963	esophagitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111522	autosomal recessive progressive external ophthalmoplegia 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10632	Wolfram syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111520	autosomal dominant progressive external ophthalmoplegia with mitochondrial DNA deletions 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111525	autosomal dominant progressive external ophthalmoplegia with mitochondrial DNA deletions 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111526	Mullerian aplasia and hyperandrogenism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111523	autosomal recessive progressive external ophthalmoplegia with mitochondrial DNA deletions 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111524	autosomal recessive progressive external ophthalmoplegia with mitochondrial DNA deletions 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10606	blind loop syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111518	autosomal dominant progressive external ophthalmoplegia with mitochondrial DNA deletions 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111519	autosomal dominant progressive external ophthalmoplegia with mitochondrial DNA deletions  6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10607	tropical sprue
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10608	celiac disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111516	autosomal recessive progressive external ophthalmoplegia with mitochondrial DNA deletions 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10609	rickets
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111517	autosomal dominant progressive external ophthalmoplegia with mitochondrial DNA deletions 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11934	head and neck cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10603	glucose intolerance
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10604	lactose intolerance
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10605	short bowel syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111510	Marshall syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111511	melanoma and neural system tumor syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10600	chronic tic disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111514	metatropic dysplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111515	autosomal recessive progressive external ophthalmoplegia with mitochondrial DNA deletions 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111512	metachondromatosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111513	metaphyseal dysplasia-maxillary hypoplasia-brachydacty syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111507	Lenz-Majewski hyperostotic dwarfism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111508	Torrance type platyspondylic dysplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11949	Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111505	palmoplantar keratoderma-deafness syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10619	lymph node cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111506	palmoplantar keratoderma-esophageal carcinoma syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10615	acute gonococcal cervicitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111509	lymphedema-distichiasis syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10616	acute cervicitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1293	labia minora carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1294	vulva carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111500	combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 23
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10610	pancreatic steatorrhea
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10611	protein-losing enteropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10612	allergic urticaria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111503	Li-Fraumeni syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111504	Li-Fraumeni syndrome 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111501	combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 29
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111502	combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10686	lactocele
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10688	hypertrophy of breast
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10685	separation anxiety disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10690	mastitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10691	fat necrosis of breast
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10697	chronic endophthalmitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10699	paragonimiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3821	posterior cerebral artery infarction
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3829	pituitary adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3828	chromophobe adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3825	Shwartzman phenomenon
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3827	congenital diaphragmatic hernia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110193	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 4F
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110194	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 4B3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110191	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 4B1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110192	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 4H
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110197	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease dominant intermediate B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110198	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease recessive intermediate C
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110195	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 4E
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110196	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 4G
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3818	photoallergic dermatitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3817	cranial nerve palsy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110199	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease dominant intermediate C
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3819	toxicodendron dermatitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3814	extraskeletal chondroma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3813	central nervous system chondroma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3816	glossopharyngeal nerve paralysis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3843	diencephalic neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2512	nevoid basal cell carcinoma syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3842	skull base cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2513	basal cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2510	Kluver-Bucy syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3840	craniopharyngioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110190	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 4B2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110182	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease axonal type 2C
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110183	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 4C
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110180	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease axonal type 2CC
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110181	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease axonal type 2Z
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110186	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 4D
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110187	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 4K
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110184	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 4J
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110185	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 4A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2519	testicular disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110188	Leber congenital amaurosis 14
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110189	Leber congenital amaurosis 15
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3847	papillary craniopharyngioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3846	adamantinous craniopharyngioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2516	intracranial cavernous angioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2517	intracranial structure hemangioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2518	orchitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110171	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease axonal type 2S
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110170	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease axonal type 2Q
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110175	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease axonal type 2O
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110176	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease axonal type 2X
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110173	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease axonal type 2U
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110174	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease axonal type 2L
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110179	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 2B2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2508	Takayasu's arteritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110177	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease axonal type 2N
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110178	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease axonal type 2V
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3809	epidural spinal canal meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3803	Crigler-Najjar syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3805	porokeratosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1247	blood coagulation disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11917	tinea cruris
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1248	ocular hyperemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1242	globe disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1243	labia minora cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2575	barbiturate dependence
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1245	vulva cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11914	gastroparesis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2570	malignant histiocytic disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2571	Langerhans-cell histiocytosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1240	leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1241	luxation of globe
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111451	progressive myoclonus epilepsy 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110120	Axenfeld-Rieger syndrome type 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110121	Axenfeld-Rieger syndrome type 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111452	progressive myoclonus epilepsy 1A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111450	progressive myoclonus epilepsy 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111455	GRACILE syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110124	Bardet-Biedl syndrome 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111456	Kaufman oculocerebrofacial syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110125	Bardet-Biedl syndrome 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110122	Axenfeld-Rieger syndrome type 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111453	2-aminoadipic 2-oxoadipic aciduria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110123	Bardet-Biedl syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111454	SHORT syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111459	classic galactosemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110128	Bardet-Biedl syndrome 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050096	tinea barbae
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110129	Bardet-Biedl syndrome 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110126	Bardet-Biedl syndrome 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111457	STING-associated vasculopathy with onset in infancy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050097	ectothrix infectious disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111458	galactose epimerase deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110127	Bardet-Biedl syndrome 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2566	corneal dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1235	fetishism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1237	corneal degeneration
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2568	cervicitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110119	autoimmune lymphoproliferative syndrome type 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2569	retinal drusen
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2562	suppurative periapical periodontitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3893	hidrocystoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1233	transvestism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3896	hidradenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1234	gender identity disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2565	macular corneal dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3895	apocrine adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3890	acute intermittent porphyria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3892	insulinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2560	morphine dependence
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3891	placental insufficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050083	Keshan disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111440	optic atrophy 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110110	atrial heart septal defect 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111441	optic atrophy 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110113	atrial heart septal defect 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111444	progressive myoclonus epilepsy 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110114	atrial heart septal defect 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111445	progressive myoclonus epilepsy 10
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110111	atrial heart septal defect 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11920	tracheal cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111442	optic atrophy 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110112	atrial heart septal defect 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111443	optic atrophy 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110117	autoimmune lymphoproliferative syndrome type 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111448	progressive myoclonus epilepsy 1B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111449	progressive myoclonus epilepsy 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110118	Leber congenital amaurosis 16
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111446	progressive myoclonus epilepsy 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110115	autoimmune lymphoproliferative syndrome type 2A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111447	progressive myoclonus epilepsy 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110116	autoimmune lymphoproliferative syndrome type 2B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2599	glottis carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111439	optic atrophy 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110108	atrial heart septal defect 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110109	atrial heart septal defect 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2595	glottis cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2596	larynx cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2597	glottis neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2598	laryngeal benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1260	parametritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2590	familial nephrotic syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050072	adiaspiromycosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111430	essential tremor 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110102	atopic dermatitis 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111433	optic atrophy 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110103	atopic dermatitis 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111434	optic atrophy 10
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111431	essential tremor 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110100	atopic dermatitis 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111432	essential tremor 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110101	atopic dermatitis 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111437	optic atrophy 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110106	atrial heart septal defect 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110107	atrial heart septal defect 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111438	optic atrophy 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050073	invasive aspergillosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110104	atopic dermatitis 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111435	optic atrophy 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111436	optic atrophy 11
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110105	atopic dermatitis 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11905	labium majus cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111428	essential tremor 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11907	ecthyma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111429	essential tremor 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1254	trichostrongylosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1255	trichostrongyloidiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2580	rhizomelic chondrodysplasia punctata
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2581	chondrodysplasia punctata
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2582	acatalasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1251	tuberculous epididymitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2583	agammaglobulinemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1252	trichuriasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050061	erysipeloid
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111422	familial lipase maturation factor 1 deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111423	branchiootorenal syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111420	familial GPIHBP1 deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111421	familial apolipoprotein A5 deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111426	restrictive cardiomyopathy 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111427	restrictive cardiomyopathy 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111424	branchiootorenal syndrome 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111425	restrictive cardiomyopathy 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3865	adult central nervous system primitive neuroectodermal neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2533	splenic infarction
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3864	adult medulloblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1203	drug-induced mental disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1205	allergic disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2536	chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3861	medullomyoblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2530	splenic abscess
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050059	oropharyngeal anthrax
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3860	cerebellar vermis medulloblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2531	hematologic cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1201	trigeminal nerve neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110160	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease axonal type 2T
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111491	combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 15
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110161	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 2R
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111492	combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 32
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050050	Japanese spotted fever
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111490	combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 26
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110164	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 2D
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111495	combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 33
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110165	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 2E
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111496	combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 17
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111493	combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 12
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110162	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease, axonal type 2W
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111494	combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110163	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease axonal type 2F
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110168	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 2Y
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111499	combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 37
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110169	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease axonal type 2P
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111497	combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 34
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110166	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease axonal type 2H
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111498	combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 22
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110167	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease axonal type 2K
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050052	Rocky Mountain spotted fever
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1206	Rett syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2537	inflammatory and toxic neuropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3869	childhood medulloblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3868	melanotic medulloblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2538	Landau-Kleffner syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050051	Rickettsia parkeri spotted fever
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1209	nutritional optic neuropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3856	male reproductive organ cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3855	seminal vesicle tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3850	hemangiopericytic tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3852	Peutz-Jeghers syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111480	combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 10
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110150	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1D
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111481	combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 11
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110153	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1E
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111484	combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 18
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111485	combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 24
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110154	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 2A1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110151	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1C
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111482	combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 36
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110152	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111483	combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111488	combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 31
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110157	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 2J
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111489	combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 27
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110158	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 2I
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110155	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 2A2A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050047	Flinders Island spotted fever
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111486	combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111487	combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110156	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 2B1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050046	Far Eastern spotted fever
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050041	Astrakhan spotted fever
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2526	prostate adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3857	large cell medulloblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2527	nephrosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110159	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 2B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050043	Israeli tick typhus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2529	splenic disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050042	Indian tick typhus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2555	granulomatous angiitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2556	relapsing polychondritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2557	chondromalacia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1227	neutropenia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3883	Lynch syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1222	cartilage disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2550	tactile epilepsy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111470	combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 28
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110142	Bartter disease type 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111473	combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110143	Bartter disease type 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111474	combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110140	Bardet-Biedl syndrome 18
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111471	combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 30
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110141	Bardet-Biedl syndrome 19
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111472	combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111477	combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 14
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110146	Bartter disease type 4b
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111478	combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 20
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110147	Bartter disease type 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110144	Bartter disease type 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111475	combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 39
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050035	African tick-bite fever
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110145	Bartter disease type 4a
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111476	combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 19
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2559	opiate dependence
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1229	paranoid schizophrenia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110148	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111479	combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050032	mineral metabolism disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110149	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1F
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3876	colonic pseudo-obstruction
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2544	extratemporal epilepsy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1214	tympanosclerosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3875	thrombophlebitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3877	functional colonic disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050026	human monocytic ehrlichiosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1210	optic neuritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3873	nodular medulloblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3870	childhood central nervous system primitive neuroectodermal neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110131	Bardet-Biedl syndrome 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111462	cardiofaciocutaneous syndrome 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110132	Bardet-Biedl syndrome 10
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111463	cardiofaciocutaneous syndrome 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111460	cardiofaciocutaneous syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110130	Bardet-Biedl syndrome 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111461	cardiofaciocutaneous syndrome 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111466	combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 38
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110135	Bardet-Biedl syndrome 13
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111467	combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 13
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110136	Bardet-Biedl syndrome 14
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111464	combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 35
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050025	human granulocytic anaplasmosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110133	Bardet-Biedl syndrome 11
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111465	combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 21
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110134	Bardet-Biedl syndrome 12
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110139	Bardet-Biedl syndrome 17
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2548	reflex epilepsy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1217	fascioloidiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1218	echinostomiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1219	dicrocoeliasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110137	Bardet-Biedl syndrome 15
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111468	combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 25
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111469	combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 16
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110138	Bardet-Biedl syndrome 16
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111617	autosomal recessive spinocerebellar ataxia 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111618	autosomal recessive spinocerebellar ataxia 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111615	autosomal recessive spinocerebellar ataxia 24
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111616	autosomal recessive spinocerebellar ataxia 27
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050136	systemic mycosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111619	combined D-2- and L-2-hydroxyglutaric aciduria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050138	podoconiosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10780	primary polycythemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050133	superficial mycosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050132	inflammatory diarrhea
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111610	distal arthrogryposis type 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10787	premature menopause
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050135	subcutaneous mycosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050134	cutaneous mycosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111613	autosomal recessive spinocerebellar ataxia 23
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10782	mesenteric lymphadenitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111614	autosomal recessive spinocerebellar ataxia 22
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10783	methemoglobinemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111611	autosomal recessive spinocerebellar ataxia 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050131	motility-related diarrhea
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10784	Queensland tick typhus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111612	autosomal recessive spinocerebellar ataxia 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050130	osmotic diarrhea
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111606	autosomal recessive Whistling face syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111607	distal arthrogryposis type 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050129	secretory diarrhea
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111604	Freeman-Sheldon syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111605	distal arthrogryposis type 2A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050125	dengue shock syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111608	distal arthrogryposis type 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050127	sinusitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111609	distal arthrogryposis type 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10790	chronic frontal sinusitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10791	frontal sinusitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10792	chronic maxillary sinusitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111602	distal arthrogryposis type 2B3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10793	chronic sphenoidal sinusitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111603	distal arthrogryposis type 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111600	distal arthrogryposis type 2B1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050120	hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10794	sphenoid sinusitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111601	distal arthrogryposis type 2B2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050118	La Crosse encephalitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050117	disease by infectious agent
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050116	tinea imbricata
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10763	hypertension
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10762	portal hypertension
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10778	fiedler's myocarditis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10779	septic myocarditis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050105	endothrix infectious disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10772	thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10773	bubonic plague
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111659	ectodermal dysplasia 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110328	hypertrophic cardiomyopathy 25
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110329	Leber congenital amaurosis 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_28	endocrine system disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_26	pancreas disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111650	ectodermal dysplasia 13
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110322	hypertrophic cardiomyopathy 16
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111653	ectodermal dysplasia 11A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111654	ectodermal dysplasia 11B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110323	hypertrophic cardiomyopathy 17
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10742	cerebral lipidosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110320	hypertrophic cardiomyopathy 14
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111651	ectodermal dysplasia 15
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110321	hypertrophic cardiomyopathy 15
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111652	ectodermal dysplasia 12
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10744	broad ligament malignant neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111657	ectodermal dysplasia 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110326	hypertrophic cardiomyopathy 20
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111658	ectodermal dysplasia 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110327	hypertrophic cardiomyopathy 26
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110324	hypertrophic cardiomyopathy 18
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111655	pure hair and nail ectodermal dysplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111656	ectodermal dysplasia 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110319	hypertrophic cardiomyopathy 13
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110317	hypertrophic cardiomyopathy 11
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111648	ectopia lentis with ectopia of pupil
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111649	ectodermal dysplasia, ectrodactyly, and macular dystrophy syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110318	hypertrophic cardiomyopathy 12
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1397	chronic orbital inflammation
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1398	parasitic infectious disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1399	primary lacrimal atrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1392	pseudopapilledema
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1393	visual pathway disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1394	urinary schistosomiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_37	skin disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1395	schistosomiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1390	hypobetalipoproteinemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1391	Norum disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111642	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 114
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110311	hypertrophic cardiomyopathy 21
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111643	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 115
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110312	hypertrophic cardiomyopathy 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10754	otitis media
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111640	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 111
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10755	petrositis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110310	hypertrophic cardiomyopathy 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111641	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 94
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111646	congenital lactase deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110315	hypertrophic cardiomyopathy 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111647	Schopf-Schulz-Passarge syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110316	hypertrophic cardiomyopathy 10
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110313	hypertrophic cardiomyopathy 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111644	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 110
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110314	hypertrophic cardiomyopathy 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111645	Rolandic epilepsy-paroxysmal exercise-induced dystonia-writer's cramp syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111639	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 109
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110308	hypertrophic cardiomyopathy 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110309	hypertrophic cardiomyopathy 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110306	autosomal dominant limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111637	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 112
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110307	hypertrophic cardiomyopathy 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111638	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 100
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111631	familial erythrocytosis 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111632	familial erythrocytosis 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111630	familial erythrocytosis 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111635	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 57
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110304	autosomal dominant limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111636	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 113
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110305	autosomal dominant limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111633	congenital sucrase-isomaltase deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110303	autosomal dominant limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 1H
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111634	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 99
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111628	high myopia-sensorineural deafness syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111629	dihydropyrimidinase deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111626	D-glyceric aciduria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111627	DOORS syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_16	integumentary system disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_17	musculoskeletal system disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_15	reproductive system disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_18	urinary system disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111620	corneal dystrophy-perceptive deafness syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111621	Temtamy syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111624	ACTH-independent macronodular adrenal hyperplasia 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111625	ventriculomegaly - cystic kidney disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111622	ACTH-independent macronodular adrenal hyperplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111623	ACTH-independent macronodular adrenal hyperplasia 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3944	Arenaviridae infectious disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3946	pituitary-dependent Cushing's disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2614	serous surface papilloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2615	papilloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2616	Wolffian duct adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3948	adrenocortical carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3947	adrenal gland hyperfunction
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2600	laryngeal carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3930	otitis interna
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3933	anterior compartment syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2601	juxtacortical chondroma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2602	chondroma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3939	lipomatous cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2609	adenomyoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2632	papillary serous adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3964	trabecular follicular adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3963	thyroid gland carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2634	cystadenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3965	Merkel cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3962	thyroid gland follicular carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2636	ovarian Brenner tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3968	papillary follicular thyroid adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1307	dementia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3969	thyroid gland papillary carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2639	breast pericanalicular fibroadenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3953	adrenal gland cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2621	autonomic nervous system neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3952	adrenal cortex disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3951	acute myocarditis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3950	adrenal carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110292	autosomal recessive limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 2O
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110293	autosomal recessive limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 2P
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110290	autosomal recessive limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 2X
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110291	Leber congenital amaurosis 10
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110296	autosomal recessive limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 2M
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110297	autosomal recessive limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 2K
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110294	autosomal recessive limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 2T
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110295	autosomal recessive limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 2U
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110298	autosomal recessive limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 2N
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110299	autosomal recessive limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 2I
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2626	choroid plexus papilloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3959	adrenal cortical adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3906	bronchial benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3905	lung carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3908	lung non-small cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3907	lung squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3901	vulvitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3904	bronchus carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3928	adiposis dolorosa
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3927	pelvic lipomatosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3924	main bronchus cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3923	diffuse lipomatosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3926	mediastinal lipomatosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3925	steroid lipomatosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3911	progeria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3910	lung adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3917	pancreatic serous cystadenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3919	pancreatic serous cystic neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3918	pancreatic cystadenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2698	nephrogenic adenofibroma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_61	mitral valve disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_62	aortic valve disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1363	ethmoid sinus cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1364	ethmoidal sinus benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2696	Leydig cell tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2697	renal adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1360	frontal sinus cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2691	myoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1361	frontal sinus benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1362	paranasal sinus sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_65	connective tissue disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_66	muscle tissue disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110241	cataract 41
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111572	familial woolly hair syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110242	cataract 13 with adult i phenotype
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111573	autosomal dominant woolly hair
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111570	snowflake vitreoretinal degeneration
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111571	Weyers acrofacial dysostosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110240	cataract 20 multiple types
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111576	dehydrated hereditary stomatocytosis 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110245	cataract 38
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111577	dehydrated hereditary stomatocytosis 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110246	cataract 26 multiple types
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110243	cataract 46 juvenile-onset
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111574	autosomal recessive woolly hair 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110244	cataract 28
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111575	dehydrated hereditary stomatocytosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110249	cataract 11 multiple types
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111578	Gillespie syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110247	cataract 36
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110248	cataract 30
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111579	asthma, nasal polyps, and aspirin intolerance
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2687	skin sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_74	hematopoietic system disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1357	maxillary sinus cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_75	lymphatic system disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10718	giardiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1358	maxillary sinus benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2689	lymphangiosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10719	toxic diffuse goiter
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1352	paranasal sinus disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2683	adenofibroma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2685	ossifying fibromyxoid tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1355	paranasal sinus lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1350	paranasal sinus benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2682	intracystic papillary adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_76	stomach disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_77	gastrointestinal system disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111561	stiff skin syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110230	cataract 34 multiple types
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111562	overhydrated hereditary stomatocytosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110231	cataract 1 multiple types
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111560	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1G
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111565	trichodontoosseous syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110234	cataract 4 multiple types
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111566	familial isolated trichomegaly
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110235	cataract 2 multiple types
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111563	Sturge-Weber syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110232	cataract 29
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110233	cataract 27
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111564	hypoplastic or aplastic tibia with polydactyly
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110238	cataract 18
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111569	autosomal dominant vitreoretinochoroidopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110239	cataract 12 multiple types
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110236	cataract 39 multiple types
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111567	retinal vasculopathy with cerebral leukodystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111568	congenital vertical talus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110237	cataract 42
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1389	polyneuropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110229	cataract 6 multiple types
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1386	abetalipoproteinemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1387	hypolipoproteinemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1388	Tangier disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1381	Fox-Fordyce disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1382	miliaria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1383	sweat gland disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_47	prostate disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_48	male reproductive system disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1380	endometrial cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050192	Nipah virus encephalitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111550	scalp-ear-nipple syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111551	neurogenic scapuloperoneal syndrome Kaeser type
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110220	Brugada syndrome 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111554	spondylometaphyseal dysplasia Kozlowski type
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050199	Whitewater Arroyo hemorrhagic fever
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110223	Brugada syndrome 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110224	Brugada syndrome 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050198	Chapare hemorrhagic fever
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111555	Alkuraya-Kucinskas syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110221	Brugada syndrome 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111552	scapuloperoneal spinal muscular atrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111553	spondyloepiphyseal dysplasia Maroteaux type
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110222	Brugada syndrome 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110227	cataract 32 multiple types
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111558	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 2DD
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050195	Bolivian hemorrhagic fever
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110228	cataract 8 multiple types
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111559	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 2EE
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050194	Argentine hemorrhagic fever
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111556	steatocystoma multiplex
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110225	Brugada syndrome 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050197	Brazilian hemorrhagic fever
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111557	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 2A2B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110226	Brugada syndrome 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050196	Venezuelan hemorrhagic fever
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_53	pituitary gland disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_50	thyroid gland disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111549	aplasia of lacrimal and salivary glands
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110218	Brugada syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110219	Brugada syndrome 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1375	neonatal urinary tract infectious disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1371	uterine corpus adenomatoid tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1373	endometrial stromal nodule
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_57	aortic valve insufficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111540	prolidase deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110212	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease X-linked recessive 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111543	juvenile polyposis-hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110213	isolated cleft palate
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111544	Guttmacher syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110210	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease X-linked recessive 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111541	pigmented paravenous chorioretinal atrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110211	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease X-linked recessive 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111542	familial expansile osteolysis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110216	Leber congenital amaurosis 11
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111547	retinal arterial tortuosity
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111548	ring dermoid of cornea
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110217	Leber congenital amaurosis 17
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111545	familial male-limited precocious puberty
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110214	cleft soft palate
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050185	erythema multiforme
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110215	Leber congenital amaurosis 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111546	Currarino syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1324	lung cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3985	ostertagiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2656	breast intracanalicular fibroadenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1325	bronchus cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3982	Meige syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3981	pantothenate kinase-associated neurodegeneration
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3983	oesophagostomiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2653	benign fibrous mesothelioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110281	autosomal recessive limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 2G
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110282	autosomal recessive limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 2H
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110280	autosomal recessive limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 2F
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110285	autosomal recessive limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 2Q
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110283	autosomal recessive limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 2J
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110284	autosomal recessive limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 2L
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110289	autosomal recessive limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 2Y
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050177	monogenic disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110287	autosomal recessive limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 2S
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050179	Powassan encephalitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110288	autosomal recessive limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 2W
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2658	dermoid cyst
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1328	Rift Valley fever
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050175	tick-borne encephalitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050174	Kunjin encephalitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2643	perivascular epithelioid cell tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1312	focal segmental glomerulosclerosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2645	benign mesothelioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050169	cutaneous lupus erythematosus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2640	struma ovarii
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3973	thyroid gland medullary carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2641	ovarian germ cell monodermal and highly specialized teratoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110270	cataract 17 multiple types
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110271	cataract 23
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050160	inhalation anthrax
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110274	autosomal recessive limb-girdle muscular dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110275	autosomal recessive limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 2A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110272	cataract 40
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110273	autosomal dominant limb-girdle muscular dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050166	tuberculous salpingitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110278	autosomal recessive limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 2D
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110279	autosomal recessive limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 2E
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050168	autoimmune polyendocrine syndrome type 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110276	autosomal recessive limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 2B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050167	autoimmune polyendocrine syndrome type 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110277	autosomal recessive limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 2C
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2647	parachordoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2648	sebaceous adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3978	extrinsic cardiomyopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050161	lower respiratory tract disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2649	chondroblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1319	brain cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_83	cataract
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_84	osteochondritis dissecans
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2679	dysembryoplastic neuroepithelial tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050159	lymphoid interstitial pneumonia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050158	desquamative interstitial pneumonia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_82	myotonic cataract
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1342	congenital hypoplastic anemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2673	adult cystic nephroma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1343	urethritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2670	transitional papilloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2671	transitional cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1340	pure red-cell aplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111590	Cohen syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111591	congenital heart defects, hamartomas of tongue, and polysyndactyly
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110260	cataract 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110263	cataract 19 multiple types
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111594	distal arthrogryposis type 5D
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111595	congenital contractural arachnodactyly
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110264	cataract 33
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111592	plasminogen deficiency type I
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110261	cataract 35
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110262	cataract 45
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111593	distal arthrogryposis type 10
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110267	cataract 44
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111598	distal arthrogryposis type 1B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050155	sensory system disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110268	cataract 22 multiple types
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111599	distal arthrogryposis type 2B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050157	cryptogenic organizing pneumonia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110265	cataract 31 multiple types
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111596	distal arthrogryposis type 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110266	cataract 9 multiple types
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111597	distal arthrogryposis type 1A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050156	idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050150	Pontiac fever
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110269	cataract 3 multiple types
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050153	pulmonary aspergilloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050152	aspiration pneumonia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_96	staphyloenterotoxemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3996	urinary system cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3999	Bartholin's gland carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2668	mesenchymoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3998	Bartholin's gland transitional cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050148	laryngotracheitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2661	myoepithelioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_92	speech disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050147	otomycosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_93	language disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_90	degenerative disc disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2664	sweat gland benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2660	cystic teratoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111580	Behr syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111583	carboxypeptidase N deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110252	cataract 37
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111584	dilated cardiomyopathy-hypergonadotropic hypogonadism syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110253	cataract 14 multiple types
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111581	C syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110250	cataract 16 multiple types
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111582	hereditary arterial and articular multiple calcification syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110251	cataract 15 multiple types
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110256	cataract 21 multiple types
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111587	Gordon Holmes syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050144	Kartagener syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111588	Greenberg dysplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050143	asymptomatic dengue
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110257	cataract 24
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111585	carnitine-acylcarnitine translocase deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110254	cataract 25
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111586	Martsolf syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050145	adenoiditis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110255	cataract 5 multiple types
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050140	acute diarrhea
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2669	Pacinian tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1338	congenital dyserythropoietic anemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1339	Diamond-Blackfan anemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110258	cataract 10 multiple types
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111589	COACH syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110259	cataract 43
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050141	intestinal botulism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111738	X-linked deafness 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110407	retinitis pigmentosa 57
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110408	retinitis pigmentosa 11
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111739	X-linked deafness 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110405	retinitis pigmentosa 36
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111736	X-linked deafness 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110406	retinitis pigmentosa 30
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111737	X-linked deafness 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10426	Klippel-Feil syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1088	meningocele
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1089	tethered spinal cord syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11758	iron deficiency anemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10428	stable condition keratoconus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11759	hypochromic anemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110409	retinitis pigmentosa 46
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050259	baylisascariasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1085	Edwards syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1080	filariasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1081	mansonelliasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1082	dirofilariasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111730	familial episodic pain syndrome 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050254	acanthocephaliasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111731	familial episodic pain syndrome 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10423	acute pericementitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11754	siderosis of eye
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_100	intestinal infectious disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050253	mesocestoidiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110400	retinitis pigmentosa 22
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11755	choledocholithiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050256	angiostrongyliasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110403	retinitis pigmentosa 13
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050250	philophthalmiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111734	aminoglycoside-induced deafness
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11750	Bordetella parapertussis whooping cough
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_104	bacterial infectious disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111735	X-linked deafness 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110404	retinitis pigmentosa 17
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110401	retinitis pigmentosa 74
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111732	Eiken syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111733	pancreatic hypoplasia-diabetes-congenital heart disease syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110402	retinitis pigmentosa 45
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_106	pleural tuberculosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050251	coenurosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11752	acute endophthalmitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111727	geleophysic dysplasia 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111728	familial episodic pain syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_119	vaginal cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111725	geleophysic dysplasia 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111726	geleophysic dysplasia 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050246	granulomatous amebic encephalitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1079	setariasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111729	familial episodic pain syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10439	Mooren's ulcer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1073	renal hypertension
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1074	kidney failure
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1076	chronic pyelonephritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1070	primary open angle glaucoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_110	lens disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_112	esophageal varix
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050242	primary amebic meningoencephalitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111720	congenital symblepharon
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_114	heart disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10435	purulent acute otitis media
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11766	blind hypotensive eye
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_116	pericardium cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11760	Kohler's disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111723	Jacobsen Syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111724	geleophysic dysplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_115	cardiac tamponade
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_118	pericardial effusion
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111721	amelogenesis imperfecta type 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_117	heart cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111722	amelogenesis imperfecta type 3C
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111716	cryptophthalmia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111717	isolated cryptophthalmia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111714	Mulchandani-Bhoj-Conlin syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111715	Schaaf-Yang syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11736	odontoclasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111718	partial cryptophthalmia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111719	complete cryptophthalmia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_121	vaginal disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_120	female reproductive organ cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10400	gonococcal seminal vesiculitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_125	vagina leiomyoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_127	leiomyoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111712	Kagami-Ogata syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111713	Temple syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111710	focal or diffuse nonepidermolytic palmoplantar keratoderma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111711	focal nonepidermolytic palmoplantar keratoderma 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111705	oculoectodermal syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111706	oblique facial clefting 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111703	familial hypertryptophanemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111704	chromosome 2q37 deletion syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11746	parametrium malignant neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111709	focal nonepidermolytic palmoplantar keratoderma 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1099	alpha thalassemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11747	uterine adnexa cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11748	round ligament malignant neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111707	Bothnian type palmoplantar keratoderma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111708	focal nonepidermolytic palmoplantar keratoderma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1098	fetal erythroblastosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1091	tooth disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1094	attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_134	vaginal glandular tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_133	vaginal Mullerian papilloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_136	vaginal carcinosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050222	selective IgM deficiency disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_135	benign vaginal carcinosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_138	vaginal squamous tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111701	long QT syndrome 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_137	vaginal squamous papilloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111702	loose anagen hair syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111700	ankyrin-B-related cardiac arrhythmia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_139	squamous cell papilloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050218	polycystic echinococcosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11717	neonatal diabetes mellitus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11718	antidepressant type abuse
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110449	dilated cardiomyopathy 1M
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11719	oculopharyngeal muscular dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11713	diabetic angiopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050214	Lambert-Eaton myasthenic syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11714	gestational diabetes
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2377	multiple sclerosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11716	prediabetes syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2378	relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1040	chronic lymphocytic leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2373	hereditary elliptocytosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111770	46,XY sex reversal 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111771	46,XY sex reversal 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110440	dilated cardiomyopathy 1J
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110443	dilated cardiomyopathy 1B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111774	46,XY sex reversal 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110444	dilated cardiomyopathy 1X
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111775	46,XY sex reversal 10
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111772	46,XY sex reversal 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110441	dilated cardiomyopathy 2B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050211	swine influenza
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111773	46,XY sex reversal 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11712	lipoatrophic diabetes mellitus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110442	dilated cardiomyopathy 1Q
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110447	dilated cardiomyopathy 1DD
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111778	46,XY sex reversal 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111779	X-linked panhypopituitarism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110448	dilated cardiomyopathy 1HH
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111776	46,XY sex reversal 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110445	dilated cardiomyopathy 1KK
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111777	46,XY sex reversal 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110446	dilated cardiomyopathy 1W
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1037	lymphoid leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2368	gangliosidosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3699	uterine ligament mucinous adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11729	Lyme disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111769	46,XY sex reversal 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1039	prolymphocytic leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110438	dilated cardiomyopathy 1JJ
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110439	dilated cardiomyopathy 1P
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11724	limb-girdle muscular dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2364	post-thrombotic syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3696	acute sanguinous otitis media
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11725	Cornelia de Lange syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2365	West Nile encephalitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050202	lujo hemorrhagic fever
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3698	bile duct mucinous adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1035	aggressive NK-cell leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11726	Emery-Dreifuss muscular dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2366	West Nile fever
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050204	Epstein-Barr virus hepatitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2367	neuroaxonal dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11727	facioscapulohumeral muscular dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1036	chronic leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3697	acute transudative otitis media
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3692	anal canal adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3691	anal colloid adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2361	macrocytic anemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3693	ampulla of Vater mucinous adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3690	brachial plexus neuropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111760	46,XX sex reversal
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11720	distal myopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111763	46,XX sex reversal 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110432	dilated cardiomyopathy 1NN
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110433	dilated cardiomyopathy 1E
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11721	glycogen storage disease VII
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111764	46,XX sex reversal 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111761	46,XX sex reversal 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11722	myotonic dystrophy type 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050201	nephropathia epidemica
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110430	dilated cardiomyopathy 1G
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050200	Korean hemorrhagic fever
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110431	dilated cardiomyopathy 1I
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11723	Duchenne muscular dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111762	46,XX sex reversal 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110436	dilated cardiomyopathy 1L
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111767	X-linked thrombocytopenia with beta-thalassemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110437	dilated cardiomyopathy 1K
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111768	X-linked properdin deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111765	X-linked cardiac valvular dysplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110434	dilated cardiomyopathy 1Z
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110435	dilated cardiomyopathy 1GG
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111766	X-linked VACTERL association
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110429	dilated cardiomyopathy 1H
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110427	dilated cardiomyopathy 1V
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111758	Y-linked deafness 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110428	dilated cardiomyopathy 1AA
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111759	Y-linked deafness 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1066	residual stage of open angle glaucoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1067	open-angle glaucoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1068	juvenile glaucoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1062	Fanconi syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1063	interstitial nephritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2394	ovarian cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1064	cystinosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1060	Hartnup disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2392	glandular cystitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110421	late-adult onset retinitis pigmentosa
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111752	autosomal-mitochondrial sensorineural deafness
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111753	infantile hypertrophic cardiomyopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110422	autosomal recessive pericentral pigmentary retinopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111750	adult-onset ataxia and polyneuropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110420	dominant pericentral pigmentary retinopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111751	mitochondrial nonsyndromic sensorineural deafness
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110425	dilated cardiomyopathy 1A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111756	Leber hereditary optic neuropathy with demyelinating disease of CNS
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110426	dilated cardiomyopathy 1D
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111757	Y-linked deafness
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110423	dilated cardiomyopathy 1C
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111754	Leber plus disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111755	Leber hereditary optic neuropathy and dystonia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110424	dilated cardiomyopathy 1CC
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111749	mitochondrial complex V (ATP synthase) deficiency nuclear type 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110418	retinitis pigmentosa Y-linked
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1059	intellectual disability
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110419	retinitis pigmentosa with or without situs inversus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111747	cerebellar ataxia type 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110416	retinitis pigmentosa 24
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111748	mitochondrial complex V (ATP synthase) deficiency mitochondrial type 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110417	retinitis pigmentosa 34
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11702	dysgammaglobulinemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1056	oculocerebrorenal syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2388	renal artery disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2382	kernicterus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2383	neonatal jaundice
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2384	Wernicke encephalopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110410	retinitis pigmentosa 69
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111741	X-linked deafness 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111742	cerebellar ataxia type 42
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110411	retinitis pigmentosa 60
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11701	selective IgA deficiency disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111740	X-linked deafness 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111745	cerebellar ataxia type 43
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110414	retinitis pigmentosa 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110415	retinitis pigmentosa 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111746	cerebellar ataxia type 48
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110412	retinitis pigmentosa 23
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111743	cerebellar ataxia type 47
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110413	retinitis pigmentosa 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111744	cerebellar ataxia type 41
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10480	diaphragmatic eventration
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10481	diaphragm disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10488	imperforate anus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10485	esophageal atresia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10486	intestinal atresia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10487	Hirschsprung's disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10493	adrenal cortical hypofunction
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10499	orbital granuloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10460	nasopharyngitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10461	dentin caries
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11797	chronic laryngitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11793	phthisical cornea
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10471	patellar tendinitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10444	ring corneal ulcer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10445	perforated corneal ulcer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11776	absolute glaucoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11771	spontaneous ocular nystagmus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10440	mycotic corneal ulcer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11772	leukocoria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10441	marginal corneal ulcer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10442	hypopyon ulcer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10443	hypopyon
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10459	common cold
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11781	regular astigmatism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11786	splenic sequestration
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10456	tonsillitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11787	chronic congestive splenomegaly
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10457	Legionnaires' disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10458	legionellosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11782	astigmatism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11783	necrosis of ear ossicle
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4910	urethra adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4918	renal pelvis adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4917	villous adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4919	renal pelvis carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4914	esophagus adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4916	pituitary carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4915	basophilic adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4901	peritoneal serous adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4907	small intestine carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4906	small intestine adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4908	anal carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4903	granular cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4902	appendix carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4905	pancreatic carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4932	ampulla of Vater carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4931	nasal cavity carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3603	mucinous cystadenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4934	apocrine sweat gland cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3602	toxic encephalopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4933	apocrine adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4930	nasal cavity adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3609	breast mucinous cystadenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3608	appendix adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4939	ureter carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3605	ovarian cystadenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3604	ovarian mucinous cystadenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4938	ureter adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3607	appendix mucinous cystadenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3606	ovarian mucinous adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4921	eccrine sweat gland cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4920	eccrine adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4923	thymus adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4922	breast secretory carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4929	tubular adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4928	intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4927	Klatskin's tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4926	bronchiolo-alveolar adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4998	trichorhinophalangeal syndrome type II
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3666	cutaneous solitary mastocytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1005	endometrial disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4997	Camurati-Engelmann disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3669	intermittent claudication
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2338	mandibular cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3663	cutaneous mastocytosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4994	adenomyoma of uterine corpus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4993	atypical polypoid adenomyoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1002	endometritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3665	diffuse cutaneous mastocytosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1003	pelvic inflammatory disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3664	mast cell neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4995	cervical adenomyoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4990	essential tremor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4992	optic nerve glioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4991	optic nerve astrocytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3660	wheat allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111690	familial adult myoclonic epilepsy 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111693	familial adult myoclonic epilepsy 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110362	retinitis pigmentosa 58
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111694	familial adult myoclonic epilepsy 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110363	retinitis pigmentosa 71
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111691	familial adult myoclonic epilepsy 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110360	retinitis pigmentosa 39
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110361	retinitis pigmentosa 75
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111692	familial adult myoclonic epilepsy 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110366	retinitis pigmentosa 33
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111697	cleft palate, cardiac defects, and intellectual disabillity
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110367	retinitis pigmentosa 38
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111698	proprotein convertase 1/3 deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111695	familial adult myoclonic epilepsy 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110364	retinitis pigmentosa 54
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111696	familial adult myoclonic epilepsy 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110365	retinitis pigmentosa 28
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2339	Crouzon syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110368	retinitis pigmentosa 26
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111699	Van den Ende-Gupta syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110369	retinitis pigmentosa 47
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4986	nonparalytic poliomyelitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2326	gastroenteritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4989	pancreatitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4988	alcoholic pancreatitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2327	viral gastritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3652	Leigh disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2320	obstructive lung disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3651	pyruvate carboxylase deficiency disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4985	extraosseous Ewings sarcoma-primitive neuroepithelial tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3650	lactic acidosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110351	osteogenesis imperfecta type 11
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111682	diffuse cystic renal dysplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111683	neurofibromatosis-Noonan syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110352	retinitis pigmentosa 59
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111680	essential fructosuria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111681	glutamate-cysteine ligase deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110350	osteogenesis imperfecta type 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111686	hereditary mixed polyposis syndrome 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110355	retinitis pigmentosa 32
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111687	Potocki-Shaffer syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110356	retinitis pigmentosa 18
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110353	retinitis pigmentosa 20
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111684	hereditary mixed polyposis syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110354	retinitis pigmentosa 19
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111685	hereditary mixed polyposis syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110359	retinitis pigmentosa 67
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3659	sialuria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111688	Ayme-Gripp syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110357	retinitis pigmentosa 35
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110358	retinitis pigmentosa 12
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111689	familial adult myoclonic epilepsy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3689	brachial plexus neuritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3688	plexopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1029	familial periodic paralysis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1022	pinta disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2354	myelophthisic anemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1023	borderline leprosy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2355	anemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1024	leprosy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3687	MELAS syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1025	tuberculoid leprosy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3683	lung benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2351	iron metabolism disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2352	hemochromatosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111671	primary hyperoxaluria type 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110340	osteogenesis imperfecta type 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110341	osteogenesis imperfecta type 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111672	primary hyperoxaluria type 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111670	primary hyperoxaluria type 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110344	osteogenesis imperfecta type 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111675	neurooculocardiogenitourinary syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111676	high molecular weight kininogen deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110345	osteogenesis imperfecta type 16
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111673	Saul-Wilson syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110342	osteogenesis imperfecta type 13
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111674	intellectual developmental disorder with short stature and behavioral abnormalities
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110343	osteogenesis imperfecta type 14
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111679	glutamate formiminotransferase deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110348	osteogenesis imperfecta type 12
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110349	osteogenesis imperfecta type 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110346	osteogenesis imperfecta type 10
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111677	familial benign fleck retina
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111678	hereditary folate malabsorption
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110347	osteogenesis imperfecta type 15
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2346	monoclonal paraproteinemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3677	pulmonary plasma cell granuloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2347	generalized atherosclerosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2348	arteriosclerotic cardiovascular disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110339	osteogenesis imperfecta type 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2349	arteriosclerosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3674	kidney rhabdoid cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2344	polyclonal hypergammaglobulinemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3675	childhood kidney cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2345	plasma protein metabolism disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2340	craniosynostosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3672	rhabdoid cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3671	pericoronitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111660	ectodermal dysplasia 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110330	Leber congenital amaurosis 13
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111661	ectodermal dysplasia 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111664	ectodermal dysplasia 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110333	Leber congenital amaurosis 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111665	ectodermal dysplasia 10B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110334	osteogenesis imperfecta type 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111662	ectodermal dysplasia 14
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110331	Leber congenital amaurosis 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110332	Leber congenital amaurosis 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111663	ectodermal dysplasia 10A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110337	osteogenesis imperfecta type 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1019	osteomyelitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111668	Kohlschutter-Tonz syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111669	hyaline fibromatosis syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110338	osteogenesis imperfecta type 17
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111666	proliferative vasculopathy and hydranencephaly-hydrocephaly syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110335	osteogenesis imperfecta with opalescent teeth, blue sclerae and wormian bones but without fractures
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110336	osteogenesis imperfecta type 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111667	enterokinase deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4953	poliomyelitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4955	central nervous system melanocytic neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4952	postpoliomyelitis syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3620	central nervous system cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050290	trichosporonosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050292	primary systemic mycosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050291	parasitic Ichthyosporea infectious disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3627	aortic aneurysm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4957	meninges hemangiopericytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4959	epidermolysis bullosa dystrophica
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3612	retinitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4943	adenocarcinoma in situ
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3611	acute retinal necrosis syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3614	Kallmann syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4944	gastroesophageal junction adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3613	Canavan disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3610	breast mucinous carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110391	retinitis pigmentosa 31
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110392	retinitis pigmentosa 70
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110390	retinitis pigmentosa 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110395	retinitis pigmentosa 72
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110396	retinitis pigmentosa 50
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110393	retinitis pigmentosa 66
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110394	retinitis pigmentosa 44
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110399	retinitis pigmentosa 37
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050289	fusariosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110397	retinitis pigmentosa 27
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050288	penicilliosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110398	retinitis pigmentosa 51
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3616	angiolipoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4947	cholangiocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3615	infiltrating angiolipoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3618	epidural spinal canal neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4948	gallbladder carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3617	epidural spinal canal angiolipoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4976	elephantiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3644	hypothalamic neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2314	malt worker's lung
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4977	lymphedema
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3646	necrosis of pituitary
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2316	brain ischemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4972	myelodysplastic/myeloproliferative neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3641	conus medullaris neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4971	myelofibrosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3640	central nervous system teratoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050279	conidiobolomycosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3643	sella turcica neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4974	actinobacillosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3642	empty sella syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2312	nocardiosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4970	prosopagnosia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110380	retinitis pigmentosa 62
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110381	retinitis pigmentosa 14
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050270	Trichomonas tenax trichomoniasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110384	retinitis pigmentosa 25
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110385	retinitis pigmentosa 63
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110382	retinitis pigmentosa 48
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110383	retinitis pigmentosa 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110388	retinitis pigmentosa 10
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110389	retinitis pigmentosa 73
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110386	retinitis pigmentosa 42
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050278	basidiobolomycosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110387	retinitis pigmentosa 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3649	pyruvate decarboxylase deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2303	stereotypic movement disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4964	neurotic disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3633	beta-mannosidosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3635	congenital myasthenic syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4961	bone marrow disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050269	Trichomonas vaginalis trichomoniasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4960	bone marrow cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050268	ophthalmomyiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2300	spondylolysis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4962	pericardial tuberculosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2301	atrophy of prostate
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110370	retinitis pigmentosa 55
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110373	retinitis pigmentosa 61
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110374	retinitis pigmentosa 68
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110371	retinitis pigmentosa 56
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110372	retinitis pigmentosa 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110377	retinitis pigmentosa 49
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110378	retinitis pigmentosa 29
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110375	retinitis pigmentosa 40
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110376	retinitis pigmentosa 41
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050266	tungiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4969	Gerstmann syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050261	thelaziasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050260	dioctophymiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4968	Nelson syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3637	childhood spinal cord tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110379	retinitis pigmentosa 43
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3639	spinal cord intramedullary teratoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110528	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 83
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111859	midface hypoplasia, hearing impairment, elliptocytosis, and nephrocalcinosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110529	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 84A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111857	primary ciliary dyskinesia 45
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110526	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 79
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110527	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111858	primary ciliary dyskinesia 41
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10547	pyloric antrum cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10548	cardia cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111851	primary ciliary dyskinesia 44
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11874	abnormal threshold of rods
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110520	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10544	pylorus cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111852	primary ciliary dyskinesia 38
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11875	denture stomatitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110521	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 70
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111850	primary ciliary dyskinesia 36
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111855	primary ciliary dyskinesia 42
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11870	Pick's disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110524	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 76
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11871	macular keratitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10540	gastric lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110525	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 77
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111856	primary ciliary dyskinesia 43
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110522	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 71
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10541	microinvasive gastric cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111853	primary ciliary dyskinesia 40
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110523	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 74
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111854	primary ciliary dyskinesia 39
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110517	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 66
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111848	osteogenesis imperfecta type 18
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111849	osteogenesis imperfecta type 20
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110518	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 67
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110515	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 63
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111846	X-linked congenital hemolytic anemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110516	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 65
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111847	osteogenesis imperfecta type 19
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11889	female breast nipple and areola cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/doid#occurs_with	occurs_with
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110519	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 68
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1195	ischemic neuropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1192	peripheral nervous system neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10554	meningoencephalitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111840	Van Esch-O'Driscoll syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11885	ureteral benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111841	Shukla-Vernon syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110510	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 55
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11887	ureter leiomyoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10556	supine hypotensive syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11888	schwannoma of ureter
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110513	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 61
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111844	X-linked intellectual developmental disorder 108
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10550	acute eustachian salpingitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111845	Mullegama-Klein-Martinez syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110514	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 62
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110511	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 59
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111842	Keipert syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110512	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111843	Paganini-Miozzo syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110506	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 49
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111837	congenital nongoitrous hypothyroidism 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111838	Basilicata-Akhtar syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110507	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110504	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 47
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111835	congenital nongoitrous hypothyroidism 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110505	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 48
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111836	congenital nongoitrous hypothyroidism 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10525	double pterygium
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10526	conjunctival pterygium
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110508	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 51
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111839	congenital disorder of glycosylation Icc
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110509	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 53
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050353	wound botulism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111830	X-linked spinocerebellar ataxia 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11853	monocular exotropia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050352	foodborne botulism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050354	infant botulism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110502	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 45
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111833	X-linked spinocerebellar ataxia 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110503	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 46
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111834	X-linked reticulate pigmentary disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111831	X-linked spinocerebellar ataxia 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110500	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 42
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11850	transient refractive change
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11851	indeterminate leprosy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110501	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 44
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111832	X-linked spinocerebellar ataxia 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10520	acute infection of pinna
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111826	Abruzzo-Erickson syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111827	X-linked spinal muscular atrophy 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111824	Aarskog syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111825	autosomal dominant Aarskog syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10536	malignant gastric granular cell tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10538	gastric fundus cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111828	X-linked cerebellar ataxia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111829	X-linked spinocerebellar ataxia 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10533	viral pneumonia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11864	peripheral focal chorioretinitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10534	stomach cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111822	CHILD syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111823	autosomal hemophilia A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050340	opportunistic bacterial infectious disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111820	zygodactyly 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111821	ichthyosis follicularis-alopecia-photophobia syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11838	penis sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10507	Dressler's syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050339	commensal bacterial infectious disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050338	primary bacterial infectious disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11839	glans penis cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050335	bradyopsia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1166	palindromic rheumatism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2497	enamel erosion
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11836	clubfoot
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2498	tooth erosion
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1168	familial hyperlipidemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050336	hypophosphatemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2493	gastric antral vascular ectasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2494	angiodysplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2495	senile angioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2490	congenital nervous system abnormality
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2491	sensory peripheral neuropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111891	Diamond-Blackfan anemia 20
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110560	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness 30
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111892	Diamond-Blackfan anemia 11
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110561	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness 31
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111890	Diamond-Blackfan anemia 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110564	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness 3A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11830	myopia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050331	LADD syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111895	Diamond-Blackfan anemia 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11831	cortical blindness
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110565	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness 3B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111896	Diamond-Blackfan anemia 18
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110562	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness 33
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111893	Diamond-Blackfan anemia 16
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11832	visual epilepsy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110563	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness 36
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050332	enlarged vestibular aqueduct
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111894	Diamond Blackfan anemia 15 with mandibulofacial dysostosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110568	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness 43
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111899	X-linked thrombophilia due to factor IX defect
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110569	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness 44
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110566	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness 40
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111897	Diamond-Blackfan anemia 14 with mandibulofacial dysostosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111898	CK syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110567	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness 41
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050328	congenital hypothyroidism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10518	beach ear
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10519	chronic fungal otitis externa
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1159	functional gastric disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110559	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness 2B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2485	phosphorus metabolism disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1156	chondrocalcinosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11847	coronary thrombosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10516	malignant otitis externa
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111880	Diamond-Blackfan anemia 17
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110550	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness 20
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111881	Diamond-Blackfan anemia 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110553	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness 23
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111884	Diamond-Blackfan anemia 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110554	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness 24
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111885	Diamond-Blackfan anemia 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11843	coronary artery anomaly
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110551	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness 21
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111882	Diamond-Blackfan anemia 12
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110552	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness 22
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111883	Diamond-Blackfan anemia 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110557	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness 28
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111888	Diamond-Blackfan anemia 10
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110558	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness 2A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111889	Diamond-Blackfan anemia 13
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110555	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness 25
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111886	Diamond-Blackfan anemia 19
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111887	Diamond-blackfan anemia 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11840	coronary artery vasospasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110556	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness 27
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11816	vitreous syneresis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11817	urachus cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110548	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness 17
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11818	ureteric orifice cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111879	Diamond-Blackfan anemia 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11819	ureter cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110549	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness 18
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11812	bladder sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1187	tibial neuropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11813	bladder trigone cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1188	mononeuropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11814	urinary bladder anterior wall cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1184	nephrotic syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111870	nonphotosensitive trichothiodystrophy 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110542	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness 10
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111873	photosensitive trichothiodystrophy 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110543	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness 11
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111874	Sabinas brittle hair syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110540	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 98
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111871	photosensitive trichothiodystrophy 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110541	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111872	nonphotosensitive trichothiodystrophy 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11811	urinary bladder posterior wall cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111877	linear skin defects with multiple congenital anomalies 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110546	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness 15
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111878	Diamond-Blackfan anemia 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110547	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness 16
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110544	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness 12
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111875	MLS syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111876	linear skin defects with multiple congenital anomalies 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110545	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness 13
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110539	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 97
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110537	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 93
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111868	nonphotosensitive trichothiodystrophy 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050308	Alkhurma hemorrhagic fever
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11829	degenerative myopia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111869	photosensitive trichothiodystrophy 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110538	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 96
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11823	hepatorenal syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1176	bronchial disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11824	multicentric reticulohistiocytosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050304	aniseikonia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1172	hyperlipoproteinemia type IV
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1171	hyperlipoproteinemia type V
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111862	congenital bilateral absence of vas deferens
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110531	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 85
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11820	bladder dome cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110532	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 86
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111863	X-linked congenital bilateral absence of vas deferens
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111860	AMME complex
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11821	bladder lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110530	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 84B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111861	Meester-Loeys syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111866	trichothiodystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110535	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111867	nonphotosensitive trichothiodystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110536	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 91
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111864	autosomal recessive congenital bilateral absence of vas deferens
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110533	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 88
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111865	MEND syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110534	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 89
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0014667	disease of metabolism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111815	low molecular weight proteinuria with hypercalciuric nephrocalcinosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111816	syndactyly type 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111813	syndactyly type 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111814	methylmalonic acidemia and homocysteinemia cblX type
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111819	syndactyly type 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111817	syndactyly type 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111818	syndactyly type 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10581	metachromatic leukodystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10582	Refsum disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10587	Krabbe disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10588	adrenoleukodystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111811	syndromic microphthalmia 13
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10584	retinitis pigmentosa
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111812	syndromic microphthalmia 10
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111804	syndromic microphthalmia 11
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111805	syndromic microphthalmia 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111802	syndromic microphthalmia 14
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111803	syndromic microphthalmia 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111808	linear skin defects with multiple congenital anomalies 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111809	syndromic microphthalmia 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111806	syndromic microphthalmia 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111807	syndromic microphthalmia 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10590	mild pre-eclampsia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10591	pre-eclampsia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10593	idiopathic progressive polyneuropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111800	syndromic microphthalmia 12
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10595	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111801	syndromic microphthalmia 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10567	late yaws
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10568	early yaws
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10579	leukodystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10573	osteomalacia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10575	calcium metabolism disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3700	uterine ligament adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3702	cervical adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3701	cervical mucinous adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3707	endometrial mucinous adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3709	rectum mucinous adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3704	fallopian tube mucinous adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3703	prostate colloid adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3706	fallopian tube adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3705	fallopian tube mucinous tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3722	solitary osseous plasmacytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3721	plasmacytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3723	solitary plasmacytoma of chest wall
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3720	extramedullary plasmacytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3728	acute allergic sanguinous otitis media
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3711	bladder adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3710	bladder colloid adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3713	ovary adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3717	gastric adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3716	mucinous stomach adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2456	blepharoconjunctivitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2457	giant papillary conjunctivitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2458	papillary conjunctivitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2452	thrombophilia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3783	Coffin-Lowry syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1123	spondyloarthropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2455	angular blepharoconjunctivitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2450	central retinal vein occlusion
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2451	protein S deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3781	anovulation
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110480	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 22
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110483	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 25
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110484	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 26
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110481	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 23
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110482	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 24
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110487	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 29
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110488	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110485	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 27
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110486	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 28
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1129	pituitary apoplexy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110489	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 30
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3777	granuloma annulare
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1114	esophagus sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1115	sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1116	pertussis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11801	protein-energy malnutrition
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3773	third ventricle chordoid glioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2441	frontal sinus squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3772	intraventricular meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3774	chordoid glioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2444	hyperpituitarism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3770	pulmonary fibrosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11809	bladder neck cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110472	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 17
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110473	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 18A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110470	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 15
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110471	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 16
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110476	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 1B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110477	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110474	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 18B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110475	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 1A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2449	acromegaly
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110478	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 20
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110479	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 21
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1148	polydactyly
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2479	central nervous system origin vertigo
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2474	vernal conjunctivitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1143	exotropia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2475	chronic conjunctivitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2476	hereditary spastic paraplegia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2477	motor peripheral neuropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1140	spinal canal and spinal cord meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2473	opportunistic mycosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1142	alternating exotropia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110461	X-linked dilated cardiomyopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111792	congenital nystagmus 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111793	congenital nystagmus 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110462	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 101
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111790	congenital nystagmus 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110460	dilated cardiomyopathy 2A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111791	congenital nystagmus 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110465	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 104
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111796	congenital nystagmus 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111797	autosomal recessive congenital nystagmus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111794	congenital nystagmus 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110463	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 102
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111795	congenital nystagmus 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110464	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 103
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110469	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 14
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111798	X-linked nephrolithiasis type I
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110467	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 12
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110468	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 13
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111799	syndromic microphthalmia 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3798	pleural empyema
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2468	psychotic disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1138	spinal meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1134	gingival recession
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2460	anterior dislocation of lens
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1130	pituitary infarct
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2462	retinal vascular disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110450	dilated cardiomyopathy 1II
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111781	Waisman syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110451	dilated cardiomyopathy 1O
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111782	otopalatodigital syndrome spectrum disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111780	TARP syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110454	dilated cardiomyopathy 1S
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111785	frontometaphyseal dysplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111786	frontometaphyseal dysplasia 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110455	dilated cardiomyopathy 1U
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110452	dilated cardiomyopathy 1T
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111783	otopalatodigital syndrome type 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111784	otopalatodigital syndrome type 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110453	dilated cardiomyopathy 1EE
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111789	Frank-Ter Haar syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110458	dilated cardiomyopathy 1BB
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110459	dilated cardiomyopathy 1FF
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110456	dilated cardiomyopathy 1R
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111787	frontometaphyseal dysplasia 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110457	dilated cardiomyopathy 1Y
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111788	Melnick-Needles syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3744	cervical squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3743	cervical verrucous carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3740	vulva verrucous carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2410	skin granular cell tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3742	bladder squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2411	granular cell tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3741	bladder verrucous squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3748	esophagus squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3747	esophagus verrucous carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3749	urethral verrucous carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2401	clitoris cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3733	theileriasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2409	rhinosporidiosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3737	verrucous carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3766	leukorrhea
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3765	pseudohermaphroditism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2435	skin glomangioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2436	glomangioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1106	esophagus lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3767	vaginal discharge
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3762	cytochrome-c oxidase deficiency disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2430	skin glomus tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1100	ovarian disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2431	glomus tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3764	Denys-Drash syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2433	epidermal appendage tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3763	hermaphroditism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050398	Carrion's disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2438	dermis tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1107	esophageal carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1108	esophagus melanoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3755	antithrombin III deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2425	cutaneous ganglioneuroma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2426	gangliocytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3756	protein C deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3751	plantar verrucous skin carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3750	urethra squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3753	Hermansky-Pudlak syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3752	larynx verrucous carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110490	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 31
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110491	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 32
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110494	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 36
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110495	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 37
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110492	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 33
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110493	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 35
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110498	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110499	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 40
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110496	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 38
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050387	nonpapillary renal cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110497	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 39
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050382	glandular tularemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050383	typhoidal tularemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_341	peripheral vascular disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_342	subclavian artery aneurysm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_345	uterine disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_349	systemic mastocytosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_348	blepharochalasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_350	mastocytosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_355	mast-cell sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_361	cervix endometriosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_363	uterine cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_365	bladder disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_367	olfactory nerve disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_366	olfactory nerve neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_369	olfactory neuroblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_368	cerebrum cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_371	extracranial neuroblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_374	nutrition disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_379	external ear disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_308	early myoclonic encephalopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_303	substance-related disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_302	substance abuse
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_305	carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_318	progressive muscular atrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_319	spinal cord disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_310	MERRF syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_312	tenosynovitis of foot and ankle
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_314	tenosynovial giant cell tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_315	synovium neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_321	tropical spastic paraparesis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_320	vascular myelopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_322	myelitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_327	syringomyelia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_326	ischemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_339	accessory nerve disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/RO_0002220	adjacent_to
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_332	amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_331	central nervous system disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_334	histrionic personality disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_338	cranial nerve neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_337	spinal accessory nerve neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1700	X-linked ichthyosis
http://www.geneontology.org/formats/oboInOwl#hasOBONamespace	has_obo_namespace
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1701	steroid inherited metabolic disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1702	ichthyosis vulgaris
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1703	Richter's syndrome
http://www.geneontology.org/formats/oboInOwl#created_by	created_by
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2973	kidney cortex necrosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1642	breast adenomyoepithelioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2975	cystic kidney disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1641	benign breast adenomyoepithelioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2972	renal artery obstruction
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111051	platelet-type bleeding disorder 18
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111052	Scott syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111050	Quebec platelet disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111055	platelet-type bleeding disorder 20
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111056	platelet-type bleeding disorder 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111053	platelet-type bleeding disorder 15
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111054	von Willebrand's disease 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111059	Bernard-Soulier syndrome type A2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111057	platelet-type bleeding disorder 11
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111058	platelet-type bleeding disorder 12
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2977	primary hyperoxaluria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2978	carbohydrate metabolic disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1647	female breast upper-inner quadrant cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1649	female breast lower-inner quadrant cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1631	benign breast phyllodes tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2962	Cockayne syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2964	periarthritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1634	breast papillomatosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2965	bursitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2960	photosensitive trichothiodystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111040	glycogen storage disease IXd
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111041	glycogen storage disease IXb
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111044	gray platelet syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111045	platelet-type bleeding disorder 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111042	glycogen storage disease IXa
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111043	glycogen storage disease IXc
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1639	skeletal tuberculosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111048	platelet-type bleeding disorder 19
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111049	platelet-type bleeding disorder 17
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111046	platelet-type bleeding disorder 10
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111047	platelet-type bleeding disorder 14
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1637	breast angiomatosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1638	central nervous system tuberculosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1664	pineoblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2996	mixed germ cell-sex cord neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2997	Sertoli-Leydig cell tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2998	testicular cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1660	malignant pineal area germ cell neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2992	prostate neuroendocrine neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2994	germ cell cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111030	hemochromatosis type 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111033	African iron overload
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111034	hemochromatosis type 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111031	hemochromatosis type 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111032	hemochromatosis type 2B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111037	glycine N-methyltransferase deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111038	hypermethioninemia due to adenosine kinase deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111035	CADASIL 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111036	CADASIL 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2999	granulosa cell tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111039	hypermethioninemia with deficiency of S-adenosylhomocysteine hydrolase
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2986	IgA glomerulonephritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2987	familial Mediterranean fever
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2981	kidney papillary necrosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1650	female breast axillary tail cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2982	perinephritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2983	anuria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111022	cone-rod dystrophy 16
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111023	cone-rod dystrophy 17
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111020	cone-rod dystrophy 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111021	cone-rod dystrophy 15
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111026	cone-rod dystrophy 20
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111027	hemochromatosis type 2A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111024	cone-rod dystrophy 18
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111025	cone-rod dystrophy 19
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1657	ventricular septal defect
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2988	antiphospholipid syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1659	supratentorial cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111028	hemochromatosis type 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111029	hemochromatosis type 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111095	Fanconi anemia complementation group A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111096	Fanconi anemia complementation group O
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111093	Fanconi anemia complementation group Q
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111094	Fanconi anemia complementation group N
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111099	maturity-onset diabetes of the young type 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111097	Fanconi anemia complementation group J
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111098	Fanconi anemia complementation group B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1607	hypoglycemic coma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1602	lymphadenitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2934	aleutian mink disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2935	Chediak-Higashi syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2920	membranoproliferative glomerulonephritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2921	glomerulonephritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111091	Fanconi anemia complementation group I
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111092	Fanconi anemia complementation group P
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111090	Fanconi anemia complementation group R
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111084	Fanconi anemia complementation group E
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111085	Fanconi anemia complementation group U
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111082	Fanconi anemia complementation group L
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111083	Fanconi anemia complementation group D2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111088	Fanconi anemia complementation group F
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111089	Fanconi anemia complementation group D1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111086	Fanconi anemia complementation group G
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111087	Fanconi anemia complementation group C
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2926	Klippel-Trenaunay syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2929	Newcastle disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2951	motion sickness
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2952	inner ear disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1623	breast leiomyoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111080	Fanconi anemia complementation group V
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111081	Fanconi anemia complementation group T
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111073	progressive familial heart block
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111074	progressive familial heart block type IA
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111071	congenital bile acid synthesis defect 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111072	myostatin-related muscle hypertrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111077	pyruvate kinase deficiency of red cells
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111078	tibial muscular dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111075	progressive familial heart block type II
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111076	progressive familial heart block type IB
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1628	intraductal papillary breast neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2959	hyperimmunoglobulin syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1629	breast myofibroblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111079	birdshot chorioretinopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1625	breast adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1626	breast duct papilloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2957	pulmonary tuberculosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1627	intraductal papilloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2942	bronchiolitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1612	breast cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111070	congenital bile acid synthesis defect 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111062	familial hypobetalipoproteinemia 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111063	hyperphosphatemic familial tumoral calcinosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111060	Ambras type hypertrichosis universalis congenita
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111061	familial hypobetalipoproteinemia 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111066	congenital bile acid synthesis defect 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111067	congenital bile acid synthesis defect 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111064	distal spinal muscular atrophy 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111065	distal spinal muscular atrophy 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1618	breast fibroadenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111068	congenital bile acid synthesis defect 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111069	congenital bile acid synthesis defect 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2945	severe acute respiratory syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1614	male breast cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1616	benign eccrine breast spiradenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1686	glaucoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1687	neovascular glaucoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1682	congenital heart disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1680	chronic cystitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1681	heart septal defect
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_260	hepatic flexure cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_262	kidney hemangiopericytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111011	cone-rod dystrophy 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_261	transverse colon cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111012	cone-rod dystrophy 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_264	hemangiopericytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_263	kidney cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111010	cone-rod dystrophy 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111015	Newfoundland cone-rod dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_265	spleen angiosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111016	cone-rod dystrophy 13
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111013	cone-rod dystrophy 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_268	liver angiosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111014	cone-rod dystrophy 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111019	cone-rod dystrophy 12
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111017	cone-rod dystrophy 10
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111018	cone-rod dystrophy 11
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1677	low implantation of placenta
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1678	chronic interstitial cystitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1672	spontaneous tension pneumothorax
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1673	pneumothorax
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1670	Behcet's syndrome arthropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_271	hemangioma of liver
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_270	liver sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111000	Joubert syndrome 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111001	Joubert syndrome 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_272	hepatic vascular disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_275	gastric hemangioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_277	chorioangioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111004	Joubert syndrome 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111005	cone-rod dystrophy 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111002	Joubert syndrome 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111003	Joubert syndrome 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111008	X-linked cone-rod dystrophy 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1679	cystitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111009	cone-rod dystrophy 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111006	X-linked cone-rod dystrophy 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111007	X-linked cone-rod dystrophy 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_285	hairy cell leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_288	endometriosis of uterus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_289	endometriosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1697	ichthyosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_293	lacrimal gland carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_292	lacrimal system cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_295	eye carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_294	lacrimal gland cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_297	pleomorphic adenoma carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_296	mixed lacrimal gland cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_299	adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_298	lacrimal gland adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_229	female reproductive system disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_222	perichondritis of auricle
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_221	acute perichondritis of pinna
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_224	transient cerebral ischemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_223	basilar artery insufficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_225	syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_227	ankylosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_231	motor neuron disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_230	lateral sclerosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_235	colonic benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_234	colon adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_238	pupil disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_240	iris disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_248	trachea leiomyoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_251	alcohol-induced mental disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_252	alcoholic psychosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_255	hemangioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_254	hemangioma of intra-abdominal structure
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_256	hemangioma of spleen
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_200	benign giant cell tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_201	connective tissue cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_204	enthesopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_203	exostosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_206	hereditary multiple exostoses
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_205	hyperostosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_219	colon cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_218	ascending colon cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_210	heel spur
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_214	teeth hard tissue disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_217	enamel caries
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_216	dental caries
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1800	neuroendocrine carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1802	mononeuritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1803	neuritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1826	epilepsy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1827	idiopathic generalized epilepsy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1829	urethral stricture
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1822	secondary lacrimal atrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1824	status epilepticus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1825	childhood absence epilepsy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1811	reflex sympathetic dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1766	factitious disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1760	facial nerve neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1761	Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1762	cheilitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111180	French Canadian Leigh disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111170	autosomal dominant sensory ataxia 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1768	conversion disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1752	ocular melanoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1754	mitral valve stenosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1751	malignant conjunctival melanoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111161	Crouzon syndrome-acanthosis nigricans syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111162	epidermal nevus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111160	camptodactyly-tall stature-scoliosis-hearing loss syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111165	molybdenum cofactor deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111166	molybdenum cofactor deficiency type C
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111163	molybdenum cofactor deficiency type B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111164	molybdenum cofactor deficiency type A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111169	subcortical band heterotopia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111167	Dyggve-Melchior-Clausen disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111168	sepiapterin reductase deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1756	facial nerve disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1757	facial hemiatrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1759	American histoplasmosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1785	pituitary cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1786	adrenal rest tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1787	pericarditis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1788	peritoneal mesothelioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1781	thyroid gland cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111150	autosomal dominant isolated ectopia lentis 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111151	Prinzmetal angina
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111154	postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111155	autosomal recessive spinocerebellar ataxia 21
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111152	multicentric Castleman disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111153	congenital mirror movement disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111158	SADDAN
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111159	partial trisomy distal 4q
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111156	spermatogenic failure 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111157	Castleman disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1789	benign peritoneal mesothelioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1776	labyrinthine unilateral reactive loss
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1777	unilateral hyperactive labyrinth
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1770	toxic megacolon
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111140	IGSF1 deficiency syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111143	mitochondrial complex V (ATP synthase) deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111144	preterm premature rupture of the membranes
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111141	delayed sleep phase syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111142	oligomeganephronia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111147	angioimmunoblastic T-cell lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111148	isolated ectopia lentis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111145	ureteropelvic junction obstruction
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111146	acquired von Willebrand syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111149	autosomal recessive isolated ectopia lentis 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1727	retinal vein occlusion
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1729	retinal vascular occlusion
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1724	duodenal ulcer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1725	peritoneum cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1726	partial of retinal vein occlusion
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1712	aortic valve stenosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1713	benign shuddering attacks
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1742	drug psychosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111194	autosomal dominant adult-onset proximal spinal muscular atrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111195	erythrokeratodermia variabilis et progressiva 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111192	facioscapulohumeral muscular dystrophy 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111193	facioscapulohumeral muscular dystrophy 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111198	autosomal dominant distal hereditary motor neuronopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111199	distal hereditary motor neuronopathy type 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111196	X-linked distal spinal muscular atrophy 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111197	autosomal recessive distal hereditary motor neuronopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1749	squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1748	conjunctival squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1731	histoplasmosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1733	cryptosporidiosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111190	distal muscular dystrophy 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111191	distal muscular dystrophy Tateyama type
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111183	familial hemiplegic migraine 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111184	myopathy, lactic acidosis, and sideroblastic anemia 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111181	familial hemiplegic migraine 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111182	familial hemiplegic migraine 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111187	distal muscular dystrophy with anterior tibial onset
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111188	myofibrillar myopathy 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111185	myopathy, lactic acidosis, and sideroblastic anemia 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111186	myopathy, lactic acidosis, and sideroblastic anemia 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1738	small intestine leiomyoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111189	distal muscular dystrophy 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1737	duodenal benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_180	ossifying fibroma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_182	calcinosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_184	bone cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_192	sex cord-gonadal stromal tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_193	reproductive organ cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111132	focal segmental glomerulosclerosis 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111133	focal segmental glomerulosclerosis 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111130	focal segmental glomerulosclerosis 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111131	focal segmental glomerulosclerosis 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111136	congenital generalized lipodystrophy type 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111137	congenital generalized lipodystrophy type 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111134	focal segmental glomerulosclerosis 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_146	papilledema
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111135	congenital generalized lipodystrophy type 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111138	congenital generalized lipodystrophy type 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111139	mitochondrial complex III deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1796	pancreas sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1798	pancreatic endocrine carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1799	islet cell tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1792	pancreas lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1793	pancreatic cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1795	malignant exocrine pancreas neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1790	malignant mesothelioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1791	peritoneal carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_150	disease of mental health
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111121	nephronophthisis 13
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111122	nephronophthisis 14
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_154	mixed cell type cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111120	nephronophthisis 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111125	nephronophthisis 18
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111126	nephronophthisis 19
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111123	nephronophthisis 15
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111124	nephronophthisis 16
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111129	focal segmental glomerulosclerosis 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111127	nephronophthisis 20
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111128	focal segmental glomerulosclerosis 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_161	keratosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111110	maturity-onset diabetes of the young type 13
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_162	cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111111	maturity-onset diabetes of the young type 14
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111114	nephronophthisis 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_166	melanotic neuroectodermal tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111115	nephronophthisis 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111112	nephronophthisis 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_169	neuroendocrine tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111113	nephronophthisis 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111118	nephronophthisis 11
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111119	nephronophthisis 12
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111116	nephronophthisis 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111117	nephronophthisis-like nephropathy 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111109	maturity-onset diabetes of the young type 11
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_170	endocrine gland cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_172	clear cell acanthoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_171	neuroectodermal tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_174	acanthoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111100	maturity-onset diabetes of the young type 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_173	eccrine sweat gland neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_176	cardiovascular cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_175	vascular cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_178	vascular disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111103	maturity-onset diabetes of the young type 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111104	maturity-onset diabetes of the young type 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111101	maturity-onset diabetes of the young type 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111102	maturity-onset diabetes of the young type 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111107	maturity-onset diabetes of the young type 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111108	maturity-onset diabetes of the young type 10
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111105	maturity-onset diabetes of the young type 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111106	maturity-onset diabetes of the young type 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_580	uric acid nephrolithiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_583	hemolytic anemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_582	hemoglobinuria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_585	nephrolithiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_589	congenital hemolytic anemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_591	phobic disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_594	panic disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_593	agoraphobia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_599	specific phobia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10887	lepromatous leprosy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10880	iliac vein thrombophlebitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10881	hand, foot and mouth disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10882	epidemic pleurodynia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10883	herpangina
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10892	hypospadias
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10866	total third-nerve palsy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10869	fourth cranial nerve palsy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10863	paralytic squint
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_540	strabismus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_543	dystonia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10864	partial third-nerve palsy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10865	abducens nerve disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_559	acute pyelonephritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10873	Kuhnt-Junius degeneration
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_552	pneumonia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_551	toxic pneumonitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10871	age related macular degeneration
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_557	kidney disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10849	sexual masochism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10844	Japanese encephalitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10845	St. Louis encephalitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10846	angiodysplasia of intestine
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_561	trigeminal nerve disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_560	jaw-winking syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10841	Eastern equine encephalitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_562	third cranial nerve disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_565	bilateral hypoactive labyrinth
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10842	Murray Valley encephalitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10843	Western equine encephalitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_566	labyrinthine dysfunction
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_572	mononeuritis of upper limb and mononeuritis multiplex
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_571	median neuropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_574	peripheral nervous system disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10852	middle ear cholesterol granuloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_573	nerve compression syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_576	proteinuria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10854	salivary gland disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_505	hobnail hemangioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_507	adjustment disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_501	central nervous system hemangioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_502	central nervous system mesenchymal non-meningothelial tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_518	scrotum neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_519	aortitis
http://www.geneontology.org/formats/oboInOwl#saved-by	saved-by
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_512	epididymal neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_526	human immunodeficiency virus infectious disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_529	blepharospasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_528	hydrarthrosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_520	aortic disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0002116	pterygium
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_525	central nervous system vasculitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_538	internuclear ophthalmoplegia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_539	ophthalmoplegia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_530	eyelid disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_533	thymus gland disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_535	sleep disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2731	vesiculobullous skin disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1400	lacrimal apparatus disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2732	Rothmund-Thomson syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2733	skin atrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2734	keratosis follicularis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2730	epidermolysis bullosa
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111293	generalized epilepsy with febrile seizures plus 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111294	generalized epilepsy with febrile seizures plus 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111291	psoriasis 12
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111292	idiopathic generalized epilepsy 10
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111297	familial febrile seizures
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111298	familial febrile seizures 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111295	generalized epilepsy with febrile seizures plus 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111296	generalized epilepsy with febrile seizures plus 10
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2739	Gilbert syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111299	generalized epilepsy with febrile seizures plus 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1404	residual stage angle-closure glaucoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2736	Hajdu-Cheney syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1405	primary angle-closure glaucoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1406	iritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2738	pseudoxanthoma elasticum
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1407	anterior uveitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2722	acrodermatitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2723	dermatitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111290	psoriasis 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111282	psoriasis 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111283	psoriasis 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111280	psoriasis 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111281	psoriasis 15
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111286	psoriasis 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111287	psoriasis 13
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111284	psoriasis 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111285	psoriasis 11
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2729	dyskeratosis congenita
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111288	psoriasis 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111289	psoriasis 10
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2725	capillary hemangioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2754	glycogen storage disease VI
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2755	Mycobacterium avium complex disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1425	pyoureter
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2750	glycogen storage disease IV
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2751	glycogen storage disease VIII
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2752	glycogen storage disease II
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111271	Oliver-McFarlane syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111272	occipital horn syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111270	isolated sulfite oxidase deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111275	speech-language disorder-1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111276	sensory ataxic neuropathy, dysarthria, and ophthalmoparesis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111273	NARP syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111274	CODAS syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111279	psoriasis 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111277	mitochondrial trifunctional protein deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111278	histiocytosis-lymphadenopathy plus syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1426	ureteral disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1428	endocrine pancreas disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2742	auditory system disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2743	pyeloureteritis cystica
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1412	bacteriuria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2744	pyelitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2745	narcissistic personality disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1414	ovarian dysfunction
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2741	bilirubin metabolic disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111260	phosphoribosylpyrophosphate synthetase superactivity
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111261	fumarase deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111264	Ruijs-Aalfs syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111265	Boucher-Neuhauser syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111262	infantile cerebral and cerebellar atrophy with postnatal progressive microcephaly
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111263	combined malonic and methylmalonic acidemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111268	autosomal recessive hyaline body myopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111269	autosomal dominant hyaline body myopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111266	geroderma osteodysplasticum
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111267	hyaline body myopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1415	gyrate atrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2746	glycogen storage disease V
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2747	glycogen storage disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1417	choroid disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2748	glycogen storage disease III
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2749	glycogen storage disease I
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2710	sick building syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2712	phimosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2717	Bloom syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2718	hemopneumothorax
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2700	mucinous adenofibroma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2701	nodular tenosynovitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2706	synovium cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2708	mushroom workers' lung
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2702	pigmented villonodular synovitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2703	synovitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2704	malignant giant cell tumor of the tendon sheath
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2705	malignant giant cell tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111219	Friedreich ataxia 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1485	cystic fibrosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10823	malignant essential hypertension
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10824	malignant hypertension
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10825	essential hypertension
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1483	gingival disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_070355	multisystem proteinopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111210	distal hereditary motor neuronopathy type 2D
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111213	distal spinal muscular atrophy type 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111214	distal spinal muscular atrophy type 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111211	distal spinal muscular atrophy type 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111212	distal hereditary motor neuronopathy type 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111217	autosomal dominant centronuclear myopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111218	Friedreich ataxia 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111215	distal hereditary motor neuronopathy type 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111216	autosomal recessive centronuclear myopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111208	distal hereditary motor neuronopathy type 2A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111209	distal hereditary motor neuronopathy type 2C
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10834	voyeurism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1474	aggressive periodontitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1475	lymphangioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10835	chylocele of tunica vaginalis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1470	major depressive disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111202	distal hereditary motor neuronopathy type 7B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111203	distal hereditary motor neuronopathy type 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111200	distal hereditary motor neuronopathy type 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111201	distal hereditary motor neuronopathy type 7A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111206	distal hereditary motor neuronopathy type 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111207	distal hereditary motor neuropathy type 2B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111204	distal hereditary motor neuronopathy type 5A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111205	distal hereditary motor neuronopathy type 5B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10802	acute gonococcal epididymo-orchitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10808	gastric ulcer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10816	duodenum adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10817	sexual sadism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1495	cystic echinococcosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10811	nasal cavity cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1496	echinococcosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10812	nasal cavity olfactory neuroblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10813	nasal cavity lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1498	cholera
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10810	tibialis tendinitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2775	long bone adamantinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2776	adamantinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1440	Machado-Joseph disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2772	irritant dermatitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1441	autosomal dominant cerebellar ataxia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2773	contact dermatitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1443	cerebral degeneration
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111250	Parkinson's disease 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111253	neurofibromatosis 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111254	glutaric acidemia I
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111251	Parkinson's disease 21
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111252	neurofibromatosis 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111257	gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111258	pentosuria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111255	McKusick-Kaufman syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111256	hyperferritinemia-cataract syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111259	postaxial acrofacial dysostosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2764	ethmoid sinus adenoid cystic carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2766	ethmoid sinus adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1436	corneal ectasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2762	bone carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2763	ethmoid sinus squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1432	blindness
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111242	congenital muscular dystrophy-dystroglycanopathy type A6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111243	acromicric dysplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111240	congenital muscular dystrophy-dystroglycanopathy type A2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111241	congenital muscular dystrophy-dystroglycanopathy type A5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111246	amyotrophic lateral sclerosis-parkinsonism/dementia complex 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111247	hypertension and brachydactyly syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111244	palmoplantar keratoderma and congenital alopecia 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111245	palmoplantar keratoderma and congenital alopecia 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2768	transient tic disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2769	tic disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1439	pyuria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111248	cerebrocostomandibular syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111249	uveal coloboma-cleft lip and palate-intellectual disability
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2797	idiopathic interstitial pneumonia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1467	serous labyrinthitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1468	labyrinthitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2799	bronchiolitis obliterans
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2790	necatoriasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1460	atheroembolism of kidney
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1461	cholesterol embolism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111231	congenital muscular dystrophy-dystroglycanopathy type A8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111232	congenital muscular dystrophy-dystroglycanopathy type A9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111230	congenital muscular dystrophy-dystroglycanopathy type A11
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111235	congenital muscular dystrophy-dystroglycanopathy type A12
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111236	congenital muscular dystrophy-dystroglycanopathy type A3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111233	congenital muscular dystrophy-dystroglycanopathy A14
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111234	congenital muscular dystrophy-dystroglycanopathy A7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111239	congenital muscular dystrophy-dystroglycanopathy type A10
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111237	congenital muscular dystrophy-dystroglycanopathy type A1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111238	congenital muscular dystrophy-dystroglycanopathy type A13
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2786	cerebellar disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1455	geographic tongue
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1456	glossitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1458	postsurgical hypothyroidism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2789	parasitic protozoa infectious disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2782	rectosigmoid junction cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1453	atrophic glossitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2784	lung sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2785	Dandy-Walker syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2780	rectosigmoid junction neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2781	rectosigmoid cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111220	centronuclear myopathy 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111221	centronuclear myopathy 6 with fiber-type disproportion
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111224	centronuclear myopathy 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111225	centronuclear myopathy X-linked
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111222	centronuclear myopathy 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111223	centronuclear myopathy 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1459	hypothyroidism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111228	Sveinsson chorioretinal atrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111229	congenital muscular dystrophy-dystroglycanopathy type A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111226	X-linked congenital myopathy with fiber-type disproportion
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111227	chromosome 3-linked frontotemporal dementia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_461	muscle benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_468	intramuscular hemangioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_467	venous hemangioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_469	deep angioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_471	skin hemangioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_470	verrucous keratotic hemangioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_472	subglottic angioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_474	histiocytoid hemangioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_476	breast hemangioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_479	angiokeratoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_480	movement disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_482	hemangioma of peripheral nerve
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_484	vascular hemostatic disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_483	cavernous hemangioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_486	glomeruloid hemangioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_490	hemangioma of lung
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_492	acquired hemangioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_495	sclerosing hemangioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_496	spindle cell hemangioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111419	familial chylomicronemia due to inhibition of lipoprotein lipase activity
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111417	familial chylomicronemia syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111418	familial apolipoprotein C-II deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_429	gynatresia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10989	conjunctival vascular disease
http://www.geneontology.org/formats/oboInOwl#id	id
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_420	hypertrichosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10983	Alport syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111411	exudative vitreoretinopathy 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111412	exudative vitreoretinopathy 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_422	congenital structural myopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10986	discitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_421	hair disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111410	exudative vitreoretinopathy 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_424	pulmonary immaturity
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111415	trichohepatoenteric syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_423	myopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111416	trichohepatoenteric syndrome 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111413	X-linked exudative vitreoretinopathy 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111414	trichohepatoenteric syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_439	neuromuscular junction disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111408	exudative vitreoretinopathy 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111409	exudative vitreoretinopathy 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_438	autoimmune disease of the nervous system
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111406	Fraser syndrome 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111407	Fraser syndrome 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_431	myofascial pain syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111400	congenital dyserythropoietic anemia type IV
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111401	congenital dyserythropoietic anemia type II
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10997	immature cataract
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111404	Jalili syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111405	Fraser syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10991	basal ganglia cerebrovascular disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10992	acute hemorrhagic leukoencephalitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_437	myasthenia gravis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111402	mucopolysaccharidosis type IIID
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111403	mega-corpus-callosum syndrome with cerebellar hypoplasia and cortical malformations
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10993	postinfectious encephalitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_436	posterior mediastinum cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10969	hemiplegia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10965	spastic diplegia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10966	lipoid nephrosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10967	spastic hemiplegia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10968	spastic monoplegia
http://www.geneontology.org/formats/oboInOwl#auto-generated-by	auto-generated-by
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_440	neuromuscular disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10963	cholesteatoma of attic
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10964	cholesteatoma of middle ear
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_446	primary hyperaldosteronism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_445	Bartter disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_447	renal tubular transport disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10976	membranous glomerulonephritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_450	myotonic disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10972	salpingo-oophoritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_452	pleomorphic adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10973	acute salpingitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10974	oophoritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_456	ascariasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10970	spastic quadriplegia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10971	acute salpingo-oophoritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_407	hepatic tuberculosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_409	liver disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2916	hypersensitivity reaction type IV disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2917	cryoglobulinemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_402	oral tuberculosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_401	multidrug-resistant tuberculosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2913	acute pancreatitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_404	gastrointestinal tuberculosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_403	mouth disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2914	immune system disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_417	autoimmune disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_419	scleroderma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_418	systemic scleroderma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2908	Treacher Collins syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2907	Goldenhar syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1521	cecum cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1522	cecum lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1523	colon lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2855	hyperthyroxinemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1520	colon carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110090	short-rib thoracic dysplasia 7 with or without polydactyly
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110091	short-rib thoracic dysplasia 10 with or without polydactyly
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110083	arrhythmogenic right ventricular dysplasia 12
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110084	arrhythmogenic right ventricular dysplasia 13
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110081	arrhythmogenic right ventricular dysplasia 10
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110082	arrhythmogenic right ventricular dysplasia 11
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110087	asphyxiating thoracic dystrophy 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110088	asphyxiating thoracic dystrophy 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110085	asphyxiating thoracic dystrophy 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110086	asphyxiating thoracic dystrophy 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1529	penile disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110089	asphyxiating thoracic dystrophy 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2856	euthyroid sick syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1525	nodular nonsuppurative panniculitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1526	panniculitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2859	hemoglobin C disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2841	asthma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1510	personality disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2842	Jervell-Lange Nielsen syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1512	chronic gonorrhea of cervix
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2843	long QT syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1513	chronic cervicitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110080	Leber congenital amaurosis 12
http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#closeMatch	has close match
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110072	arrhythmogenic right ventricular dysplasia 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110073	arrhythmogenic right ventricular dysplasia 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110070	arrhythmogenic right ventricular dysplasia 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110071	arrhythmogenic right ventricular dysplasia 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110076	arrhythmogenic right ventricular dysplasia 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110077	arrhythmogenic right ventricular dysplasia 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110074	arrhythmogenic right ventricular dysplasia 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110075	arrhythmogenic right ventricular dysplasia 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1518	cecal disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1519	cecum carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110078	Leber congenital amaurosis 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110079	Leber congenital amaurosis 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2846	bruxism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2848	melancholia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1517	cecal benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2876	laryngeal squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2877	larynx sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2870	endometrial adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1540	parathyroid carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2871	endometrial carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1542	head and neck carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111392	mucopolysaccharidosis type IVB
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110061	amelogenesis imperfecta hypomaturation type 2A3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111393	mucopolysaccharidosis type IIIC
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110062	amelogenesis imperfecta hypomaturation type 2A4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111390	mucopolysaccharidosis Ih
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111391	mucopolysaccharidosis IVA
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110060	amelogenesis imperfecta hypomaturation type 2A2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111396	congenital dyserythropoietic anemia type I
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110065	amelogenesis imperfecta type 1F
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110066	amelogenesis imperfecta type 1G
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111397	congenital dyserythropoietic anemia type Ib
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111394	mucopolysaccharidosis type IIIB
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110063	amelogenesis imperfecta hypomaturation type 2A5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110064	amelogenesis imperfecta type 1H
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111395	mucopolysaccharidosis type IIIA
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110069	frontotemporal dementia and/or amyotrophic lateral sclerosis-4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110067	juvenile amyotrophic lateral sclerosis with dementia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111398	congenital dyserythropoietic anemia type Ia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111399	congenital dyserythropoietic anemia type III
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110068	frontotemporal dementia and/or amyotrophic lateral sclerosis-3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2879	nodular degeneration of cornea
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1532	pleural disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2860	hemoglobinopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2861	congenital nonspherocytic hemolytic anemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2862	glucosephosphate dehydrogenase deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110050	Alzheimer's disease 18
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111381	IVIC syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111382	ischiocoxopodopatellar syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110051	Alzheimer's disease 19
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111380	solitary median maxillary central incisor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111385	inclusion body myopathy with early-onset Paget disease of bone with or without frontotemporal dementia 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110054	amelogenesis imperfecta type 1A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111386	inclusion body myopathy with early-onset Paget disease of bone with or without frontotemporal dementia 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110055	amelogenesis imperfecta type 3A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111383	autosomal dominant keratitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110052	amelogenesis imperfecta type 1B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110053	amelogenesis imperfecta type 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111384	inclusion body myopathy with early-onset Paget disease of bone with or without frontotemporal dementia 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110058	amelogenesis imperfecta type 1E
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111389	mucopolysaccharidosis Ih/s
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110059	X-linked amelogenesis imperfecta hypoplastic/hypomaturation 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110056	amelogenesis imperfecta type 1C
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111387	familial isolated hypoparathyroidism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110057	amelogenesis imperfecta type 2A1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111388	X-linked hypoparathyroidism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2810	middle lobe syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2816	malignant oculomotor nerve tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2817	cranial nerve III tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2814	malignant neoplasm of acoustic nerve
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2815	cranial nerve malignant neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2800	acute interstitial pneumonia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2801	nonspecific interstitial pneumonia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2832	geotrichosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2833	dehydration polycythemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2838	stress polycythemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2839	erythropoietin polycythemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1508	candidiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1509	avoidant personality disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2834	acquired polycythemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2835	polycythemia due to hypoxia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110094	short-rib thoracic dysplasia 8 with or without polydactyly
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110095	short-rib thoracic dysplasia 11 with or without polydactyly
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110092	short-rib thoracic dysplasia 6 with or without polydactyly
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110093	short-rib thoracic dysplasia 13 with or without polydactyly
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110098	atopic dermatitis 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110099	atopic dermatitis 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110096	short-rib thoracic dysplasia 14 with polydactyly
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110097	short-rib thoracic dysplasia 9 with or without polydactyly
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2828	acalculous cholecystitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2825	nose disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110009	achromatopsia 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10944	tongue disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111330	combined saposin deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111331	intellectual disability-severe speech delay-mild dysmorphism syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110000	3-methylglutaconic aciduria type 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110003	3-methylglutaconic aciduria with cataracts, neurologic involvement and neutropenia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111334	congenital leptin deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110004	3-methylglutaconic aciduria type 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111335	myopathy with extrapyramidal signs
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110001	3-methylglutaconic aciduria with deafness, encephalopathy, and Leigh-like syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111332	Pitt-Hopkins-like syndrome 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10941	intracranial aneurysm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111333	early-onset myopathy-areflexia-respiratory distress-dysphagia syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110002	3-methylglutaconic aciduria type 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110007	achromatopsia 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111338	isolated elevated serum creatine phosphokinase levels
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111339	Vohwinkel syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110008	achromatopsia 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111336	craniofacial-deafness-hand syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110005	Leber congenital amaurosis 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111337	Jackson-Weiss syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110006	3-methylglutaconic aciduria type 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111329	pyridoxamine 5'-phosphate oxidase deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1595	endogenous depression
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10955	strongyloidiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1596	mental depression
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1591	renovascular hypertension
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111320	idiopathic generalized epilepsy 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111323	idiopathic generalized epilepsy 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111324	juvenile absence epilepsy 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10952	nephritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111321	idiopathic generalized epilepsy 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111322	idiopathic generalized epilepsy 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111327	juvenile myoclonic epilepsy 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111328	juvenile myoclonic epilepsy 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111325	juvenile myoclonic epilepsy 10
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111326	juvenile myoclonic epilepsy 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10927	gastrojejunal ulcer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111318	idiopathic generalized epilepsy 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111319	idiopathic generalized epilepsy 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10921	Siberian tick typhus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10923	sickle cell anemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111312	idiopathic generalized epilepsy 11
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111313	idiopathic generalized epilepsy 12
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111310	familial febrile seizures 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111311	familial febrile seizures 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111316	idiopathic generalized epilepsy 15
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111317	idiopathic generalized epilepsy 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111314	idiopathic generalized epilepsy 13
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111315	idiopathic generalized epilepsy 14
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111309	familial febrile seizures 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10936	schizoid personality disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10937	impulse control disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111307	familial febrile seizures 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10938	paranoid personality disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10939	antisocial personality disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111308	familial febrile seizures 11
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10932	obsessive-compulsive personality disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10933	obsessive-compulsive disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10934	multiple personality disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10935	dissociative disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111301	generalized epilepsy with febrile seizures plus 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111302	generalized epilepsy with febrile seizures plus 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10930	borderline personality disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111300	generalized epilepsy with febrile seizures plus 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10931	dependent personality disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111305	familial febrile seizures 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111306	familial febrile seizures 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111303	familial febrile seizures 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111304	familial febrile seizures 10
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1561	cognitive disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2892	exocervical carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2893	cervix carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1562	chromoblastomycosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1563	dermatomycosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1564	fungal infectious disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2891	thyroid adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10907	microcephaly
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10908	hydrocephalus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111370	apolipoprotein C-III deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111371	isolated hyperchlorhidrosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110040	Alzheimer's disease 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_381	arthropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110043	Alzheimer's disease 10
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111374	selective pituitary thyroid hormone resistance
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111375	fetal akinesia deformation sequence syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110044	Alzheimer's disease 11
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110041	Alzheimer's disease 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_384	Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110042	Alzheimer's disease 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111373	familial progressive hyperpigmentation with or without hypopigmentation
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110047	Alzheimer's disease 14
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111378	fetal akinesia deformation sequence syndrome 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110048	Alzheimer's disease 15
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111379	fetal akinesia deformation sequence syndrome 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110045	Alzheimer's disease 12
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111376	fetal akinesia deformation sequence syndrome 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111377	fetal akinesia deformation sequence syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110046	Alzheimer's disease 13
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1569	mechanical ectropion
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110049	Alzheimer's disease 17
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2885	benign prostate phyllodes tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1554	vibratory urticaria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10914	amnestic disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10915	Wernicke-Korsakoff syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1555	urticaria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1556	arthus reaction
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2887	prostate leiomyoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1557	hypersensitivity reaction type III disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2883	prostatic adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10913	benign essential hypertension
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10919	transsexualism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111360	hypotrichosis-lymphedema-telangiectasia-renal defect syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111363	Heinz body anemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110032	autosomal dominant Alport syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110033	autosomal recessive Alport syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111364	Alzheimer's disease 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_396	Loeffler endocarditis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110030	alpha thalassemia-X-linked intellectual disability syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111361	hypotrichosis-lymphedema-telangiectasia syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110031	hemoglobin H disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111362	hawkinsinuria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111367	Beukes hip dysplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110036	Alzheimer's disease 16
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110037	Alzheimer's disease 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_397	restrictive cardiomyopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111368	cholesterol-ester transfer protein deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110034	X-linked Alport syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111365	benign familial hematuria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_399	tuberculosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111366	familial hepatic adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110035	Alzheimer's disease 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2889	retrocochlear disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1558	angioedema
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111369	hyperalphalipoproteinemia 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110038	Alzheimer's disease 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110039	Alzheimer's disease 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1587	thrombocytopenia due to platelet alloimmunization
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1588	thrombocytopenia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1583	laryngeal tuberculosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1584	acute chest syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1586	rheumatic fever
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1580	diffuse scleroderma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111352	D-2-hydroxyglutaric aciduria 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110021	age related macular degeneration 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111353	arthrogryposis, renal dysfunction, and cholestasis 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110022	age related macular degeneration 10
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111350	Laurin-Sandrow syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111351	D-2-hydroxyglutaric aciduria 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110020	age related macular degeneration 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110025	age related macular degeneration 13
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111356	hydrolethalus syndrome 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111357	adermatoglyphia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110026	age related macular degeneration 14
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111354	arthrogryposis, renal dysfunction, and cholestasis 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110023	age related macular degeneration 11
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111355	hydrolethalus syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110024	age related macular degeneration 12
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110029	alpha thalassemia-intellectual disability syndrome type 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110027	age related macular degeneration 15
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111358	Floating-Harbor syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111359	large congenital melanocytic nevus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110028	age related macular degeneration 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1577	limited scleroderma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1578	pulmonary systemic sclerosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1579	respiratory system disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1572	normal pressure hydrocephalus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1573	communicating hydrocephalus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1574	alcohol use disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1575	rheumatic disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1570	ectropion
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1571	spastic ectropion
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110010	achromatopsia 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111341	primary failure of tooth eruption
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111342	dermatopathia pigmentosa reticularis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110011	advanced sleep phase syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111340	dominant optic atrophy plus syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111345	transient bullous dermolysis of the newborn
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110014	age related macular degeneration 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111346	epidermolysis bullosa simplex with mottled pigmentation
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110015	age related macular degeneration 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111343	lateral meningocele syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110012	advanced sleep phase syndrome 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110013	advanced sleep phase syndrome 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111344	myeloproliferative disorder with eosinophilia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111349	hereditary desmoid disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110018	age related macular degeneration 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110019	age related macular degeneration 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111347	epidermolysis bullosa with congenital localized absence of skin and deformity of nails
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110016	Leber congenital amaurosis 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0110017	age related macular degeneration 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0111348	multiple epiphyseal dysplasia with myopia and deafness
http://www.geneontology.org/formats/oboInOwl#default-namespace	default-namespace
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080710	T cell and NK cell immunodeficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080711	multisystem inflammatory syndrome in children
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080712	gene duplication disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080713	MECP2 duplication syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080714	hereditary alpha tryptasemia syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080715	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 82
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080716	infantile liver failure syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080717	infantile liver failure syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080718	GNE myopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080719	proximal myopathy and ophthalmoplegia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080700	caudal regression syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080701	prothrombin thrombophilia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080702	medulloblastoma WNT activated
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080703	medulloblastoma SHH activated
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080704	medulloblastoma SHH activated and TP53 mutant
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080705	medulloblastoma SHH activated and TP53 wild-type
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080706	medulloblastoma non-WNT/non-SHH
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080707	medulloblastoma non-WNT/non-SHH group 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080708	medulloblastoma non-WNT/non-SHH group 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080709	NK cell deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080730	Ehlers-Danlos syndrome cardiac valvular type
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080731	Ehlers-Danlos syndrome classic-like 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080732	Ehlers-Danlos syndrome classic-like 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080733	Ehlers-Danlos syndrome dermatosparaxis type
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080734	Ehlers-Danlos syndrome kyphoscoliotic type 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080735	Ehlers-Danlos syndrome kyphoscoliotic type 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080736	Ehlers-Danlos syndrome musculocontractural type 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080737	Ehlers-Danlos syndrome musculocontractural type 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080738	Ehlers-Danlos syndrome spondylodysplastic type 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080739	Ehlers-Danlos syndrome spondylodysplastic type 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080720	autosomal dominant congenital deafness with onychodystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080721	calvarial doughnut lesions with bone fragility
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080722	Kenny-Caffey syndrome type 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080723	Kenny-Caffey syndrome type 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080724	Kenny-Caffey syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080725	BASAN syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080726	Ehlers-Danlos syndrome classic type 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080727	Ehlers-Danlos syndrome arthrochalasia type 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080728	Ehlers-Danlos syndrome arthrochalasia type 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080729	brittle cornea syndrome 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080750	erythema nodosum
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080751	keratosis pilaris atrophicans
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080752	keratosis pilaris atrophicans faciei
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080753	keratosis follicularis spinulosa decalvans
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080754	X-linked keratosis follicularis spinulosa decalvans
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080755	autosomal dominant keratosis follicularis spinulosa decalvans
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080756	atrophoderma vermiculata
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080757	Fanconi renotubular syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080758	Fanconi renotubular syndrome 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080759	Fanconi renotubular syndrome 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080740	Libman-Sacks endocarditis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080741	limbic encephalitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080742	autoimmune cholangitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080743	transverse myelitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080744	antisynthetase syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080745	polymyositis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080746	Sweet syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080747	chronic urticaria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080748	chronic inducible urticaria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080749	chronic spontaneous urticaria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080770	autosomal dominant  beta thalassemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080771	beta-thalassemia major
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080772	beta-thalassemia intermedia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080773	delta beta-thalassemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080774	thalassemia minor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080775	complete androgen insensitivity syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080776	partial androgen insensitivity syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080777	lung sarcomatoid carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080778	transient infantile liver failure
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080779	plasmablastic lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080760	Fanconi renotubular syndrome 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080761	Fanconi renotubular syndrome 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080762	autosomal recessive limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 2Z
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080763	diffuse gastric cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080764	hereditary diffuse gastric cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080765	autosomal recessive intellectual developmental disorder-72
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080766	erythrokeratodermia variabilis et progressiva 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080767	autoimmune myocarditis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080768	pyridoxine-dependent epilepsy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080769	early-onset vitamin B6-dependent epilepsy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080790	Treacher Collins syndrome 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080791	Treacher Collins syndrome 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080792	Treacher Collins syndrome 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080794	childhood acute megakaryoblastic leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080795	acute basophilic leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080796	core binding factor acute myeloid leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080797	nasal type extranodal NK/T-cell lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080798	myeloid leukemia associated with Down Syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090118	congenital amegakaryocytic thrombocytopenia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080799	sinonasal undifferentiated carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090119	ankyloblepharon-ectodermal defects-cleft lip/palate syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090116	spondylocarpotarsal synostosis syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090117	thiamine-responsive megaloblastic anemia syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090114	Sorsby's fundus dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090115	spinocerebellar ataxia type 1 with axonal neuropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090112	Nasu-Hakola disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090113	RIDDLE syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090110	immune dysregulation-polyendocrinopathy-enteropathy-X-linked syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090111	PCWH syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080780	acute erythroid leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080781	benign exocrine pancreas neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080782	mucinous pancreas adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080783	X-linked sensorineural deafness
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080784	urinary tract infection
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080785	Brown-Vialetto-Van Laere syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090109	autosomal dominant hypocalcemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080786	Brown-Vialetto-Van Laere syndrome 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080787	proximal symphalangism 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080788	proximal symphalangism 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090107	autosomal dominant hypocalcemia 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090108	autosomal dominant hypocalcemia 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080789	Treacher Collins syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090105	autosomal recessive hypercholesterolemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090106	Bh4-deficient hyperphenylalaninemia A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090103	Huntington's disease-like 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090104	Huntington's disease-like 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090101	lethal congenital glycogen storage disease of heart
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090102	autosomal dominant macrothrombocytopenia TUBB1-related
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090100	ocular albinism with sensorineural deafness
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090130	cortical dysplasia-focal epilepsy syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090131	complex cortical dysplasia with other brain malformations
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090138	complex cortical dysplasia with other brain malformations 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090139	cortisone reductase deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090136	complex cortical dysplasia with other brain malformations 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090137	complex cortical dysplasia with other brain malformations 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090134	complex cortical dysplasia with other brain malformations 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090135	complex cortical dysplasia with other brain malformations 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090132	complex cortical dysplasia with other brain malformations 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090133	complex cortical dysplasia with other brain malformations 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090120	hereditary neutrophilia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090129	carnitine palmitoyltransferase I deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090127	camptodactyly-arthropathy-coxa vara-pericarditis syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090128	Carvajal syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090125	COL4A1-related familial vascular leukoencephalopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090126	branched-chain keto acid dehydrogenase kinase deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090123	aromatic L-amino acid decarboxylase deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090124	neurogenic arthrogryposis multiplex congenita
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090122	aromatase excess syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090031	D-bifunctional protein deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090032	Silverman-Handmaker type dyssegmental dysplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090030	corticosteroid-binding globulin deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9125	lower gum cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9123	eczema herpeticum
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090039	torsion dystonia 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090037	torsion dystonia 13
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090038	torsion dystonia 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090035	myoclonic dystonia 15
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090036	myoclonic dystonia 26
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090033	myoclonic dystonia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090034	myoclonic dystonia 11
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090020	split hand-foot malformation
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090021	split hand-foot malformation 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9119	acute myeloid leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9113	granuloma inguinale
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9111	cutaneous leishmaniasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9120	amyloidosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090028	familial isolated deficiency of vitamin E
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090029	CINCA Syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090026	split hand-foot malformation 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090027	split hand-foot malformation 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090024	split hand-foot malformation 1 with sensorineural hearing loss
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090025	split hand-foot malformation 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090022	split hand-foot malformation 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090023	split hand-foot malformation 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090053	episodic kinesigenic dyskinesia 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090054	episodic kinesigenic dyskinesia 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090051	dystonia 23
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090052	dystonia 24
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090050	dystonia 27
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9149	hard palate cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9146	visceral leishmaniasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9153	variola minor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090059	enhanced S-cone syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090057	X-linked dystonia-parkinsonism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090058	torsion dystonia with onset in infancy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090055	dystonia 25
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090056	dystonia 12
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090042	torsion dystonia 17
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090043	dystonia 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090040	torsion dystonia 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090041	torsion dystonia 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9138	stomach carcinoma in situ
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9132	liver carcinoma in situ
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9140	xeroderma of eyelid
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090048	dystonia 16
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090049	paroxysmal nonkinesigenic dyskinesia 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090046	dystonia 21
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090047	paroxysmal nonkinesigenic dyskinesia 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090044	dystonia 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090045	childhood onset GLUT1 deficiency syndrome 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090075	hypogonadotropic hypogonadism 15 with or without anosmia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090076	hypogonadotropic hypogonadism 18 with or without anosmia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090073	hypogonadotropic hypogonadism 13 with or without anosmia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090074	hypogonadotropic hypogonadism 8 with or without anosmia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090071	hypogonadotropic hypogonadism 11 with or without anosmia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090072	hypogonadotropic hypogonadism 12 with or without anosmia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090070	hypogonadotropic hypogonadism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090079	hypogonadotropic hypogonadism 17 with or without anosmia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090077	hypogonadotropic hypogonadism 4 with or without anosmia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090078	hypogonadotropic hypogonadism 7 with or without anosmia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090064	familial cold autoinflammatory syndrome 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090065	familial cold autoinflammatory syndrome 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090062	familial cold autoinflammatory syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090063	familial cold autoinflammatory syndrome 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090060	Wolcott-Rallison syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090061	familial cold autoinflammatory syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090068	giant axonal neuropathy 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090069	giant axonal neuropathy 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090066	Fanconi-like syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090067	Fuhrmann syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090093	hypogonadotropic hypogonadism 21 with or without anosmia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090094	hypogonadotropic hypogonadism 1 with or without anosmia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9108	uterus carcinoma in situ
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090091	hypogonadotropic hypogonadism 23 with or without anosmia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090092	hypogonadotropic hypogonadism 3 with or without anosmia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090090	hypogonadotropic hypogonadism 19 with or without anosmia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090086	hypogonadotropic hypogonadism 6 with or without anosmia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090087	hypogonadotropic hypogonadism 14 with or without anosmia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090084	hypogonadotropic hypogonadism 5 with or without anosmia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090085	hypogonadotropic hypogonadism 9 with or without anosmia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090082	hypogonadotropic hypogonadism 20 with or without anosmia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090083	hypogonadotropic hypogonadism 2 with or without anosmia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090080	hypogonadotropic hypogonadism 16 with or without anosmia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090081	hypogonadotropic hypogonadism 22 with or without anosmia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090088	hypogonadotropic hypogonadism 24 without anosmia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090089	hypogonadotropic hypogonadism 10 with or without anosmia
http://www.geneontology.org/formats/oboInOwl#hasOBOFormatVersion	has_obo_format_version
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9169	Wiskott-Aldrich syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9165	neurotic excoriation
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9174	rectum carcinoma in situ
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9173	submandibular gland cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9159	gas gangrene
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9155	mucocutaneous leishmaniasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9164	achalasia
http://www.geneontology.org/formats/oboInOwl#hasBroadSynonym	has_broad_synonym
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9188	vestibule of mouth cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9192	dyskinesia of esophagus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9191	diabetic macular edema
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9182	pemphigus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9181	amebiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/doid#derives_from	derives_from
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080809	chronic asthma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080810	acute asthma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080811	extrinsic asthma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080812	intermittent asthma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080813	persistent mild asthma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080814	persistent moderate asthma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080815	childhood-onset asthma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080816	adult-onset severe asthma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080817	T2-high asthma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080818	T2-low asthma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080819	environmental induced asthma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080800	salivary gland mucinous adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080801	autosomal dominant craniometaphyseal dysplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080802	autosomal recessive craniometaphyseal dysplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080803	cranioectodermal dysplasia 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080804	cranioectodermal dysplasia 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080805	cranioectodermal dysplasia 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080806	cranioectodermal dysplasia 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080807	autosomal dominant craniodiaphyseal dysplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080808	mammary analogue secretory carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080820	occupational asthma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080821	exercise-induced bronchoconstriction
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080822	aspirin-induced respiratory disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080823	near-fatal asthma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080824	persistent severe asthma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080825	thunderstorm triggered asthma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080826	nocturnal asthma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112097	nuclear type mitochondrial complex I deficiency 33
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112096	nuclear type mitochondrial complex I deficiency 16
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112095	nuclear type mitochondrial complex I deficiency 28
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112094	nuclear type mitochondrial complex I deficiency 14
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112099	nuclear type mitochondrial complex I deficiency 12
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112098	nuclear type mitochondrial complex I deficiency 30
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9307	rectal prolapse
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9306	mechanical strabismus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9305	splenic tuberculosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9300	neurofibroma of the heart
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112093	nuclear type mitochondrial complex I deficiency 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112092	nuclear type mitochondrial complex I deficiency 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112091	nuclear type mitochondrial complex I deficiency 34
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112090	nuclear type mitochondrial complex I deficiency 27
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112086	nuclear type mitochondrial complex I deficiency 26
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112085	nuclear type mitochondrial complex I deficiency 19
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112084	nuclear type mitochondrial complex I deficiency 29
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112083	nuclear type mitochondrial complex I deficiency 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112089	nuclear type mitochondrial complex I deficiency 11
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112088	nuclear type mitochondrial complex I deficiency 21
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112087	nuclear type mitochondrial complex I deficiency 23
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112082	nuclear type mitochondrial complex I deficiency 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112081	nuclear type mitochondrial complex I deficiency 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112080	nuclear type mitochondrial complex I deficiency 32
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112075	nuclear type mitochondrial complex I deficiency 10
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112074	nuclear type mitochondrial complex I deficiency 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112073	nuclear type mitochondrial complex I deficiency 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112072	nuclear type mitochondrial complex I deficiency 20
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112079	nuclear type mitochondrial complex I deficiency 24
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112078	nuclear type mitochondrial complex I deficiency 17
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112077	nuclear type mitochondrial complex I deficiency 15
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112076	nuclear type mitochondrial complex I deficiency 13
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9249	Beemer-Langer syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9248	Pallister-Hall syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9246	cerebral amyloid angiopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9245	Alagille syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112020	non-syndromic X-linked intellectual disability 103
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9252	amino acid metabolic disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9250	acrocallosal syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112024	non-syndromic X-linked intellectual disability 58
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112023	non-syndromic X-linked intellectual disability 20
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112022	non-syndromic X-linked intellectual disability 21
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112021	non-syndromic X-linked intellectual disability ARX-related
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112028	non-syndromic X-linked intellectual disability 45
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112027	non-syndromic X-linked intellectual disability 14
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112026	non-syndromic X-linked intellectual disability 99
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112025	female-restricted syndromic X-linked intellectual disability 99
http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/date	dc:date
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112029	non-syndromic X-linked intellectual disability 50
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090141	cortisone reductase deficiency 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090142	cystathioninuria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090140	cortisone reductase deficiency 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9235	pyriform sinus cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9234	kidney carcinoma in situ
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9240	erythromelalgia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112013	autosomal dominant mutilating palmoplantar keratoderma with periorificial keratotic plaques
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112012	X-linked mutilating palmoplantar keratoderma with periorificial keratotic plaques
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112011	mutilating palmoplantar keratoderma with periorificial keratotic plaques
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112010	pituitary adenoma 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112017	non-syndromic X-linked intellectual disability 73
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112016	non-syndromic X-linked intellectual disability 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112015	immunodeficiency 72
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112014	congenital megabladder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090145	dopamine beta-hydroxylase deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090143	brachyolmia-amelogenesis imperfecta syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112019	non-syndromic X-linked intellectual disability 19
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112018	non-syndromic X-linked intellectual disability 104
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090144	Donnai-Barrow syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9269	maple syrup urine disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9268	glycine encephalopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9267	urea cycle disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9266	cystinuria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9265	histidine metabolism disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9274	hyperlysinemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9273	citrullinemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9271	ornithine carbamoyltransferase deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9270	alkaptonuria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112002	immunodeficiency 47
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112001	immunodeficiency 50
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112000	immunodeficiency 34
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112006	immunodeficiency 69
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112005	immunodeficiency 70
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112004	immunodeficiency 71
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112003	immunodeficiency 33
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112009	pituitary adenoma 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112008	pituitary adenoma 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112007	growth hormone secreting pituitary adenoma 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9258	Waardenburg's syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9256	colorectal cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9255	frontotemporal dementia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9254	mast-cell leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9253	gastrointestinal stromal tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9263	homocystinuria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9261	nasopharynx carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9207	periodic limb movement disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9206	Barrett's esophagus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9201	lichen planus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112071	nuclear type mitochondrial complex I deficiency 31
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112070	nuclear type mitochondrial complex I deficiency 18
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112064	immunodeficiency 73a with defective neutrophil chemotaxis and leukocytosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112063	X-Linked immunodeficiency 74
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112062	immunodeficiency 73c with defective neutrophil chemotaxis and hypogammaglobulinemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112061	immunodeficiency 73b with defective neutrophil chemotaxis and lymphopenia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112068	nuclear type mitochondrial complex I deficiency 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112067	nuclear type mitochondrial complex I deficiency 25
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112066	nuclear type mitochondrial complex I deficiency 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112065	nuclear type mitochondrial complex I deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112069	nuclear type mitochondrial complex I deficiency 22
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112060	Raynaud-Claes syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112053	non-syndromic X-linked intellectual disability 88
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112052	non-syndromic X-linked intellectual disability 82
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112051	non-syndromic X-linked intellectual disability 30
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112050	non-syndromic X-linked intellectual disability 63
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112057	non-syndromic X-linked intellectual disability 42
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112056	X-linked intellectual disability-short stature-overweight syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112055	non-syndromic X-linked intellectual disability 46
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112054	non-syndromic X-linked intellectual disability 107
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112059	non-syndromic X-linked intellectual disability 72
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112058	non-syndromic X-linked intellectual disability 41
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9220	central sleep apnea
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112042	Tonne-Kalscheuer syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9230	pompholyx
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112041	non-syndromic X-linked intellectual disability 90
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112040	non-syndromic X-linked intellectual disability 100
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112046	non-syndromic X-linked intellectual disability 97
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112045	non-syndromic X-linked intellectual disability 93
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112044	non-syndromic X-linked intellectual disability 98
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112043	non-syndromic X-linked intellectual disability 91
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112049	non-syndromic X-linked intellectual disability 23
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112048	non-syndromic X-linked intellectual disability 101
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112047	non-syndromic X-linked intellectual disability 53
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9212	pityriasis rubra pilaris
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9210	herpes zoster oticus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112031	non-syndromic X-linked intellectual disability 89
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112030	non-syndromic X-linked intellectual disability 84
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112035	non-syndromic X-linked intellectual disability 96
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112034	non-syndromic X-linked intellectual disability 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112033	non-syndromic X-linked intellectual disability 81
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112032	non-syndromic X-linked intellectual disability 92
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112039	non-syndromic X-linked intellectual disability 77
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112038	non-syndromic X-linked intellectual disability 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112037	chromosome Xp11.22 duplication syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112036	non-syndromic X-linked intellectual disability 105
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9286	priapism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9296	cleft lip
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9279	hyperhomocysteinemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9278	hyperargininemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9277	primary cerebellar degeneration
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9275	tyrosinemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9283	borderline glaucoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9282	ocular hypertension
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9281	phenylketonuria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9280	carbamoyl phosphate synthetase I deficiency disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9299	myocardium cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9297	lip disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1920	hyperuricemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1929	supravalvular aortic stenosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1925	Coffin-Siris syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1926	Gaucher's disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1927	sphingolipidosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1928	Williams-Beuren syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1921	Klinefelter syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1923	disorder of sexual development
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1924	hypogonadism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1919	Lesch-Nyhan syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1910	vaginal yolk sac tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1911	endodermal sinus tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1942	intermittent squint
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1947	trichomoniasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1949	cholecystitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1943	telogen effluvium
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1930	Laurence-Moon syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1931	hypothalamic disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1936	atherosclerosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1932	Angelman syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1933	Rubinstein-Taybi syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1934	dysostosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1935	Bardet-Biedl syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1907	malignant fibrous histiocytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1909	melanoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1906	malignant skin fibrous histiocytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1901	vagina sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1884	viral hepatitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1882	atrial heart septal defect
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1883	hepatitis C
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112141	retinitis pigmentosa 84
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112140	retinitis pigmentosa 83
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112145	retinitis pigmentosa 88
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112144	retinitis pigmentosa 87
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112143	retinitis pigmentosa 86
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112142	retinitis pigmentosa 85
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112149	terminal osseous dysplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112148	Uruguay faciocardiomusculoskeletal syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112147	retinitis pigmentosa 90
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112146	retinitis pigmentosa 89
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1875	impotence
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1876	sexual dysfunction
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112130	autosomal dominant severe congenital neutropenia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112134	severe congenital neutropenia 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112133	severe congenital neutropenia 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112132	severe congenital neutropenia 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112131	severe congenital neutropenia 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112138	primary coenzyme Q10 deficiency 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112137	combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 51
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112136	severe congenital neutropenia 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112135	severe congenital neutropenia 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112139	nuclear type mitochondrial complex I deficiency 35
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112123	deafness, dystonia, and cerebral hypomyelination
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112122	X-linked epilepsy with variable learning disabilities and behavior disorders
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112121	nephrogenic syndrome of inappropriate antidiuresis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112120	SHOX-related short stature
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112127	HRPT-related hyperuricemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112126	Stocco Dos Santos type X-linked intellectual disability
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112125	alpha-thalassemia myelodysplasia syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112124	X-linked retinitis pigmentosa and sinorespiratory infections
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112129	severe congenital neutropenia 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112128	X-linked severe congenital neutropenia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1895	allergic contact dermatitis of eyelid
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1896	sigmoid neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1897	sigmoid disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1891	optic nerve disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1893	eczematous dermatitis of eyelid
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1894	noninfectious dermatoses of eyelid
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112112	combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 48
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112111	combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 50
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112110	combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 49
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112116	combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 43
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112115	combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 46
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112114	combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 47
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112113	combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 45
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112119	combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 41
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112118	combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 42
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112117	combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 40
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040095	autoimmune cardiomyopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040094	autoimmune glomerulonephritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040093	drug-induced lupus erythematosus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040092	juvenile ankylosing spondylitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040091	autoimmune pancreatitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040090	autoimmune gastritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040099	livedoid vasculitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040098	pemphigus gestationis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040097	autoimmune vasculitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040096	autoimmune atherosclerosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1849	cannabis dependence
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1844	mononeuritis of upper limb
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040084	Streptococcus pneumonia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040083	Chlamydia pneumonia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040082	oxirane allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040081	acid anhydride respiratory allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040080	patent blue V allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040089	autoimmune optic neuritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040088	autoimmune uveitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040087	autoimmune peripheral neuropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040086	Polyomavirus-associated nephropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040085	bacterial sepsis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1837	diabetic ketoacidosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1838	Menkes disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1835	mononeuritis multiplex
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1862	jaw cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040073	disodium cromoglycate allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1863	skull cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040072	parthenolide allergic contact dermatitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040071	sodium aurothiomalate allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040070	co-trimoxazole allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040079	2,4-dinitrophenyl allergic contact dermatitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040078	gallamine allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040077	alcuronium bromide allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040076	phthalyl group allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040075	benzo[d]isothiazol-3-one allergic contact dermatitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040074	formaldehyde allergic contact dermatitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1866	giant cell reparative granuloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1869	chronic rheumatic pericarditis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040062	chloramine T respiratory allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040061	remazole black respiratory allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1852	intrahepatic cholestasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040060	ketoprofen photoallergic dermatitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040069	1-chloro-2,4-dinitrobenzene allergic contact dermatitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040068	4-tert-butylphenol allergic contact dermatitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040067	neomycin sulfate allergic contact dermatitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040066	melphalan allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040065	quinidine allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040064	carvone allergic contact dermatitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040063	4-vinylcyclohexene dioxide respiratory allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112152	CHIME syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112151	corpus callosum agenesis-abnormal genitalia syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112150	X-linked spondyloepimetaphyseal dysplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1856	cherubism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1858	McCune Albright syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040051	hexahydrophthalic anhydride allergic asthma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040050	tetrachlorophthalic anhydride allergic asthma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040059	potassium dichromate allergic contact dermatitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040058	1,4-phenylenediamine allergic contact dermatitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040057	benzoic acid allergic contact dermatitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040056	chromium allergic contact dermatitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040055	palladium allergic contact dermatitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040054	cobalt allergic asthma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040053	cobalt allergic contact dermatitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040052	diphenylmethane-4,4'-diisocyanate allergic contact dermatitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040040	hexamethylene diisocyanate allergic asthma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040048	phthalic anhydride allergic asthma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040047	trimellitic anhydride allergic asthma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040046	nickel allergic contact dermatitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040045	nickel allergic asthma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040044	methyl isocyanate allergic asthma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040043	toluene meta-diisocyanate allergic asthma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040042	diphenylmethane-4,4'-diisocyanate allergic asthma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040041	isocyanates allergic asthma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040049	maleic anhydride allergic asthma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040037	aztreonam allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040036	tubocurarine allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040035	sulfasalazine allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040034	rocuronium allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040033	piperacillin allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040032	carbapenem allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040031	diclofenac allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040030	cefixime allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040038	meropenem allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040026	chlorhexidine allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040025	cefuroxime allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040024	ceftazidime allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040023	cefaclor allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040022	amodiaquine allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040021	cephalosporin allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040020	cefotaxime allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040029	trimethoprim allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040028	succinylcholine allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040027	cyclophosphamide allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040015	sulfonamide allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040014	corticosteroid allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040013	ranitidine allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040012	phenytoin allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040011	phenobarbital allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040010	mepivacaine allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040019	D-mannitol allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112101	mitochondrial type mitochondrial complex I deficiency 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040018	thiopental allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112100	mitochondrial type mitochondrial complex I deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040017	suprofen allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040016	sulfamethoxazole allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112105	X-linked parkinsonism-spasticity syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112104	Sotos syndrome 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112103	Sotos syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112102	Sotos syndrome 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112109	spermatogenic failure 44
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112108	myofibrillar myopathy 10
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112107	McLeod syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0112106	chondrodysplasia with platyspondyly, distinctive brachydactyly, hydrocephaly, and microphthalmia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040004	amoxicillin allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040003	benzylpenicillin allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040002	aspirin allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040001	shrimp allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040009	lidocaine allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040008	isoniazide allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040007	abacavir allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040006	carbamazepine allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040005	ceftriaxone allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9008	psoriatic arthritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9007	sudden infant death syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1995	rectum sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1996	rectum adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1992	rectum malignant melanoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1993	rectum cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1998	Lutembacher's syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1999	chronic eustachian salpingitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9024	intestine carcinoma in situ
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9011	larynx carcinoma in situ
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9021	esophageal leukoplakia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1962	fallopian tube disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1963	fallopian tube carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1964	fallopian tube cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1969	cerebral palsy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1965	fallopian tube leiomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1967	leiomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1984	rectal benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1988	rectum lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1973	fallopian tube adenosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1974	adenosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1975	thymus lipoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1970	fallopian tube carcinosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1979	focal chorioretinitis
http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#narrowMatch	has narrower match
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9088	parapsoriasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9098	sebaceous gland disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9097	erythematosquamous dermatosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9095	esophagus carcinoma in situ
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9091	REM sleep behavior disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9087	anal carcinoma in situ
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9080	macroglobulinemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9053	bladder carcinoma in situ
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9036	parotid gland cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9043	uterine cervix leukoplakia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9042	polyp of corpus uteri
http://www.geneontology.org/formats/oboInOwl#hasExactSynonym	has_exact_synonym
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9076	discoid lupus erythematosus of eyelid
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9074	systemic lupus erythematosus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9072	lethal midline granuloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040103	cefotiam allergy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040102	N,N'-diethylthiourea allergic contact dermatitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040101	N,N'-diphenylthiourea allergic contact dermatitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040100	Hirata disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9065	leishmaniasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9063	Ritter's disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9060	pityriasis versicolor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040104	toluene 2,4-diisocyanate allergic asthma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9649	congenital nystagmus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9643	babesiosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8310	sclerosing adenosis of breast
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9640	sarcocystosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8307	early invasive cervical adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9637	stomatitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8305	nonossifying fibromyxoid tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8304	lymph node palisaded myofibroblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8303	congenital granular cell tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8302	mixed endometrial stromal and smooth muscle tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9631	Pelger-Huet anomaly
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7008	protoplasmic astrocytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8339	intestinal variant cervical mucinous adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9669	senile cataract
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8338	villoglandular variant cervical mucinous adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7007	childhood cerebral astrocytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8337	appendicitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7004	ACTH-secreting pituitary adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9667	placental abruption
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8336	childhood choriocarcinoma of the ovary
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7005	gemistocytic astrocytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8335	microglandular adenosis of breast
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9663	aphthous stomatitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8331	perineural angioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9655	oral mucosa leukoplakia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9651	systolic heart failure
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9650	pathologic nystagmus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9603	intravascular fasciitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9602	necrotizing fasciitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9601	ischemic fasciitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9600	plantar fasciitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080311	X-linked mental retardation with cerebellar hypoplasia and distinctive facial appearance
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080312	neurodevelopmental disorder with midbrain and hindbrain malformations
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080313	cleft palate-lateral synechia syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080314	cone-rod dystrophy 14
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080315	megalencephalic leukoencephalopathy with subcortical cysts
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080316	megalencephalic leukoencephalopathy with subcortical cysts 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080317	megalencephalic leukoencephalopathy with subcortical cysts 2B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080318	megalencephalic leukoencephalopathy with subcortical cysts 2A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080319	X-linked immunodeficiency with magnesium defect, Epstein-Barr virus infection, and neoplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080300	acquired generalized lipodystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080301	atypical hemolytic-uremic syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080302	mixed sleep apnea
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080303	mucinous lung adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080304	lung mucinous cystadenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080305	signet ring lung adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080306	solid adenocarcinoma with mucin production
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080307	myofibrillar myopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080308	myofibrillar myopathy 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080309	fatal infantile hypertonic myofibrillar myopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9622	kidney hypertrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9621	non-congenital cyst of kidney
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9620	vesicoureteral reflux
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080330	cold-induced sweating syndrome 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080331	cold-induced sweating syndrome 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080332	bicuspid aortic valve disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080333	aortic valve disease 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080334	aortic valve disease 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080335	mitochondrial DNA depletion syndrome 12b
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080336	mitochondrial DNA depletion syndrome 14
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080337	mitochondrial DNA depletion syndrome 15
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080338	familial erythrocytosis 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080339	familial erythrocytosis 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9617	orthostatic proteinuria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080320	peripheral nervous system benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080321	autonomic nervous system benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080322	polycystic kidney disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080323	pancreatic squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080324	tuberous sclerosis 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080325	tuberous sclerosis 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080326	familial hypertrophic cardiomyopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080327	multinucleated neurons, anhydramnios, renal dysplasia, cerebellar hypoplasia and hydranencephaly
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080328	Culler-Jones syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080329	cold-induced sweating syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080230	autosomal dominant mental retardation 54
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8275	intratubular embryonal carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8274	synovial angioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080231	autosomal dominant mental retardation 52
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080232	autosomal dominant mental retardation 51
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8283	peritonitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080233	autosomal dominant mental retardation 50
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080234	Clark-Baraitser syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8282	adult epithelioid sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080235	autosomal dominant mental retardation 48
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080236	autosomal dominant mental retardation 45
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080237	autosomal dominant mental retardation 46
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080238	autosomal dominant mental retardation 47
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080239	autosomal recessive mental retardation 61
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/doid#is_a	is_a
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9599	proliferative fasciitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9598	fasciitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9597	Krukenberg carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8272	anterior urethra cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080222	pseudohypoparathyroidism type IB
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080223	epidermolytic palmoplantar keratoderma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080224	autosomal dominant dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080225	amyotrophic lateral sclerosis type 23
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080226	autosomal dominant mental retardation 56
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080227	autosomal dominant mental retardation 55
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080228	autosomal dominant mental retardation 53
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080250	erythrokeratodermia variabilis et progressiva 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080251	erythrokeratodermia variabilis et progressiva 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080252	spastic ataxia 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080253	Meckel syndrome 13
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080254	orofaciodigital syndrome XVI
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080255	Meier-Gorlin syndrome 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080256	Perrault syndrome 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080257	autosomal recessive congenital ichthyosis 13
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080258	autosomal recessive congenital ichthyosis 14
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080259	autosomal recessive spinocerebellar ataxia 25
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8288	clear cell squamous cell skin carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080240	non-syndromic X-linked intellectual disability 106
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080241	syndromic X-linked mental retardation 35
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080242	syndromic X-linked mental retardation Hough type
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8295	scabies
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080243	amelogenesis imperfecta type 3B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080244	Galloway-Mowat syndrome 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080245	Galloway-Mowat syndrome 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080246	Galloway-Mowat syndrome 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8292	atypical follicular adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080247	Galloway-Mowat syndrome 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080248	erythrokeratodermia variabilis et progressiva 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080249	erythrokeratodermia variabilis et progressiva 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8239	lower clivus meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080270	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness 34
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9565	dextrocardia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080271	nephrotic syndrome type 15
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8233	inflammatory liposarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080272	nephrotic syndrome type 16
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080273	polycystic kidney disease 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9563	bronchiectasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9562	primary ciliary dyskinesia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080274	multiple mitochondrial dysfunctions syndrome 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8230	intrahepatic biliary papillomatosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080275	Joubert syndrome 30
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9561	nasopharyngeal disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080276	Joubert syndrome 29
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080277	Joubert syndrome 31
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080278	Joubert syndrome 32
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080279	Joubert syndrome 33
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8227	atypical breast papilloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8225	microscopic breast papilloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8224	central breast papilloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8223	penile urethral cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080260	autosomal recessive spinocerebellar ataxia 26
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9553	adrenal gland disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080261	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 106
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8221	upper clivus meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080262	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 107
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9551	smoldering myeloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080263	autosomal recessive nonsyndromic deafness 108
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080264	exudative vitreoretinopathy 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9550	indolent plasma cell myeloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080265	nephrotic syndrome type 14
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080266	primary ciliary dyskinesia 37
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080267	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness 71
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080268	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness 72
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080269	autosomal dominant nonsyndromic deafness 73
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080290	familial erythrocytosis 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8259	bulbomembranous urethral cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9589	urethral calculus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080291	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 59
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080292	retinitis pigmentosa 81
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9588	encephalitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8256	olfactory neural tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080293	short-rib thoracic dysplasia 18 with polydactyly
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8255	vulva fibroepithelial polyp
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080294	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease dominant intermediate G
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080295	short-rib thoracic dysplasia 19 with or without polydactyly
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9584	Venezuelan equine encephalitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080296	hypomyelinating leukodystrophy 14
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8252	chronic rhinitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080297	Coffin-Siris syndrome 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080298	complete generalized lipodystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080299	partial lipodystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9590	lower urinary tract calculus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080280	gingival fibromatosis 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9577	neonatal candidiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080281	schizophrenia 19
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080282	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 56
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080283	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 55
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9574	choanal atresia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8243	meningeal melanomatosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080284	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 57
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080285	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 58
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080286	spinocerebellar ataxia 44
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080287	spinocerebellar ataxia 45
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8251	adult pleomorphic rhabdomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080288	spinocerebellar ataxia 46
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080289	orofaciodigital syndrome XVII
http://www.geneontology.org/formats/oboInOwl#creation_date	creation_date
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9700	bacterial conjunctivitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9709	rosacea conjunctivitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8439	postgastrectomy syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8438	afferent loop syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7105	epiglottis neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8437	intestinal obstruction
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9768	heart aneurysm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9767	myocardial stunning
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9766	xanthogranulomatous cholecystitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7103	diaphragma sellae meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9765	emphysematous cholecystitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8433	thyroid malformation
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8432	polycythemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8431	physiological polycythemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8428	breast apocrine carcinoma in situ
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8427	retinal melanoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8426	follicular infundibulum tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9754	ganglion or cyst of synovium/tendon/bursa
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8420	malignant glandular tumor of peripheral nerve sheath
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7127	radiation cystitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8457	pellagra
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9788	myositis fibrosa
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8456	choline deficiency disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9786	bulbar polio
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8455	pyridoxine deficiency anemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8454	riboflavin deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9784	trichinosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9790	toxocariasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080410	familial adenomatous polyposis 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080411	familial adenomatous polyposis 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080412	familial adenomatous polyposis 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080413	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 18
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080414	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 15
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080415	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 23
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080416	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 32
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080417	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 38
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080418	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 54
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080419	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 50
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8448	intestinal impaction
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9779	bowel dysfunction
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9778	irritable bowel syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8446	intussusception
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8445	intestinal volvulus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9776	Senile atrophy of choroid
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9775	diastolic heart failure
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8443	brachial plexus lesion
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8442	paralytic ileus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9773	female breast upper-outer quadrant cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8440	ileus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9771	transient neonatal thrombocytopenia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080400	orofacial cleft 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080401	orofacial cleft 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080402	orofacial cleft 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080403	orofacial cleft 10
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080404	orofacial cleft 11
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080405	orofacial cleft 12
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080406	orofacial cleft 13
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080407	orofacial cleft 14
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080408	orofacial cleft 15
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080409	familial adenomatous polyposis 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9726	vitreous detachment
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9724	purulent endophthalmitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9723	vitreous abscess
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9722	ophthalmia nodosa
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9720	vitreous disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080430	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 65
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080431	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 19
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080432	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 60
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080433	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 51
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080434	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 61
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080435	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 37
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080436	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080437	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 31
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080438	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080439	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 14
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9719	neovascular inflammatory vitreoretinopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9717	hydrops of gallbladder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9714	occlusion of gallbladder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080420	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 62
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080421	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 11
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080422	Dravet syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080424	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 44
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080425	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 47
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080426	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 63
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080427	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 40
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080428	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 45
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080429	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 24
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8419	colloid adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9749	internal hemorrhoid
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8418	congenital fibrosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9746	hemorrhoid
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8415	carcinoma arising in nasal papillomatosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9745	perianal hematoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9744	type 1 diabetes mellitus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9743	diabetic neuropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9742	pelvic varices
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8411	kidney angiomyolipoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9741	biliary tract disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8410	childhood kidney angiomyolipoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9740	postcholecystectomy syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080450	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 17
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080451	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 29
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080452	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 28
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080453	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 25
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080454	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 42
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080455	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 52
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080456	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 46
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080457	microcephaly, seizures, and developmental delay
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080458	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 35
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080459	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 12
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8409	microinvasive cervical squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8408	Meckel's diverticulitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9739	eustachian tube disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9736	blue drum syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9735	acute allergic mucoid otitis media
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9733	renal tuberculosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8400	malignant cornea melanoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080440	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080441	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 49
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080442	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 41
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080443	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 21
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080444	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 27
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080445	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 13
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080446	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 66
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080447	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 43
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080448	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 48
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080449	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 16
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8399	trombiculiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8398	osteoarthritis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080350	retinitis pigmentosa 77
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080351	CLOVES syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080352	X-linked chondrodysplasia punctata 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080353	X-linked recessive hypophosphatemic rickets
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080354	Phelan-McDermid syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7071	spinal cord dermoid cyst
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080355	hepatobiliary system cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080356	IgG4-related disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080357	fatal infantile cardioencephalomyopathy due to cytochrome c oxidase deficiency 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080358	fatal infantile cardioencephalomyopathy due to cytochrome c oxidase deficiency 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080359	fatal infantile cardioencephalomyopathy due to cytochrome c oxidase deficiency 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8389	lumbar plexus neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7054	multiple skull base meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080342	Simpson-Golabi-Behmel syndrome type 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8394	adult type testicular granulosa cell tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080343	autosomal recessive pyridoxine-refractory sideroblastic anemia 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8392	reticular pattern testicular yolk sac tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080344	blepharocheilodontic syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080345	blepharocheilodontic syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080346	blepharocheilodontic syndrome 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080347	malignant pheochromocytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080348	Alzheimer's disease 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080349	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 39
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080370	ovarian sex cord-stromal benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7088	columnar cell variant papillary carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080371	testicular sex cord-stromal benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7089	tall cell variant papillary carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080372	epithelioid inflammatory myofibroblastic sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7086	multicentric papillary thyroid carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080373	epididymis disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080374	gastroesophageal cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7095	pediatric epithelioid sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080375	gastroesophageal adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080376	trichorhinophalangeal syndrome type III
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080377	peroxisomal biogenesis disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080379	nephrotic syndrome type 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7079	adult cystic teratoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7077	malignant melanocytic peripheral nerve sheath tumor of mediastinum
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080360	fatal infantile cardioencephalomyopathy due to cytochrome c oxidase deficiency 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080361	trimethylaminuria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080362	spondyloepiphyseal dysplasia tarda
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080363	mitochondrial pyruvate carrier deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7076	lipid-rich breast carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080364	malignant adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080365	endometrial hyperplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080366	desmoid tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080367	chronic eosinophilic leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080368	sex cord-stromal benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7081	lung mixed small cell and squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080369	ovarian sex-cord stromal tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8358	pseudoglandular variant testicular seminoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080390	nephrotic syndrome type 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080391	nephrotic syndrome type 9
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7024	mucinous intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080392	nephrotic syndrome type 17
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8354	complement component 3 deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080393	nephrotic syndrome type 18
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8353	epithelioid malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080394	nephrotic syndrome type 19
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8352	aortic malignant tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080395	orofacial cleft 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080396	orofacial cleft 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9682	yellow fever
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8361	glassy cell variant cervical adenosquamous carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080397	orofacial cleft 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7030	bronchial mucus gland adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080398	orofacial cleft 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080399	orofacial cleft 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7017	lumbosacral lipoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7016	tendon sheath lipoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7013	ovarian mucinous cystadenofibroma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080380	nephrotic syndrome type 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080381	nephrotic syndrome type 13
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7014	infiltrating lipoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9675	pulmonary emphysema
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080382	nephrotic syndrome type 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080383	nephrotic syndrome type 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9673	ulcerative stomatitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9672	noma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080384	nephrotic syndrome type 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080385	nephrotic syndrome type 11
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8340	endocervical type cervical mucinous adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9681	cervical incompetence
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080386	nephrotic syndrome type 10
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080387	nephrotic syndrome type 12
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080388	nephrotic syndrome type 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080389	nephrotic syndrome type 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7048	vulvar basaloid squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7049	basaloid squamous cell skin carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7046	cervical basaloid squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7047	penis basaloid carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7045	basaloid lung carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7042	ciliary body epithelioid cell melanoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7051	esophageal basaloid squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7050	thymus basaloid carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7039	Borst-Jadassohn intraepidermal carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8369	adult malignant schwannoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7037	childhood immature teratoma of ovary
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9699	ophthalmia neonatorum
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8368	chordoid meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9698	gonococcal endophthalmia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9697	gonococcal keratitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7033	anisakiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9694	toxic myocarditis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7031	glottis squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7032	bile duct clear cell adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8362	enteric pattern testicular yolk sac tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7040	uveal epithelioid cell melanoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7041	choroid epithelioid cell melanoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7097	macrocystic pattern testicular yolk sac tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9409	diabetes insipidus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9408	acute myocardial infarction
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9407	strictly posterior acute myocardial infarction
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9406	hypopituitarism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9402	epididymitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9401	epididymo-orchitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080510	epidermolysis bullosa simplex localized type
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080511	epidermolysis bullosa simplex generalized type
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080512	Meier-Gorlin syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080513	Meier-Gorlin syndrome 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080514	Meier-Gorlin syndrome 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080515	Meier-Gorlin syndrome 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080516	Meier-Gorlin syndrome 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080517	Meier-Gorlin syndrome 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080518	Meier-Gorlin syndrome 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080519	PAPA syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/doid#part_of	part_of
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080500	ovarian dysgenesis 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080501	GM1 gangliosidosis type 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080502	GM1 gangliosidosis type 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080503	multiple congenital anomalies-hypotonia-seizures syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080504	Parkinson's disease 22
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080505	Cornelia de Lange syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080506	Cornelia de Lange syndrome 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080507	Cornelia de Lange syndrome 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080508	Cornelia de Lange syndrome 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080509	Cornelia de Lange syndrome 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9428	intracranial hypertension
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9427	hypertensive encephalopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9423	blepharitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080530	granular corneal dystrophy 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080531	dedifferentiated liposarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080532	Smarca4-deficient sarcoma of thorax
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080533	Carney-Stratakis syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080534	myxofibrosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080535	hypermanganesemia with dystonia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080536	hypermanganesemia with dystonia 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080537	hypermanganesemia with dystonia 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080538	Sweeney-Cox syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080539	PEHO syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9415	allergic asthma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9410	panhypopituitarism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080520	Tn polyagglutination syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080521	lung non-squamous non-small cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080522	thyroid gland anaplastic carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080523	adult-onset leukoencephalopathy with axonal spheroids and pigmented glia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080524	thyroid gland adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080525	differentiated thyroid gland carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080526	bronchiectasis 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080527	bronchiectasis 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080528	bronchiectasis 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080550	Noonan syndrome with multiple lentigines 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080551	Naxos disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080552	congenital disorder of glycosylation Ia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080553	congenital disorder of glycosylation Iaa
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080554	congenital disorder of glycosylation Ib
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080555	congenital disorder of glycosylation Ic
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080556	congenital disorder of glycosylation Id
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080557	congenital disorder of glycosylation Ie
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080558	congenital disorder of glycosylation If
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080559	congenital disorder of glycosylation Ig
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080540	galactosialidosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080541	hyperprolinemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080542	hyperprolinemia type 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080543	hyperprolinemia type 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080544	hyper IgM syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080545	hyper IgE syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080546	non-alcoholic fatty liver
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080547	non-alcoholic steatohepatitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080548	Noonan syndrome with multiple lentigines 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080549	Noonan syndrome with multiple lentigines 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080570	congenital disorder of glycosylation It
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080571	congenital disorder of glycosylation Iu
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080572	congenital disorder of glycosylation Iw
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080573	congenital disorder of glycosylation Ix
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080574	congenital disorder of glycosylation Iy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080575	Larsen-like syndrome B3GAT3 type
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080576	spondyloepimetaphyseal dysplasia, Genevieve-type
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080577	polygenic disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080578	digenic disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080579	3-Methylcrotonyl-CoA carboxylase 1 deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080560	congenital disorder of glycosylation Ih
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080561	congenital disorder of glycosylation Ii
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080562	congenital disorder of glycosylation Ij
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080563	congenital disorder of glycosylation Ik
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080564	congenital disorder of glycosylation Il
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080565	congenital disorder of glycosylation Im
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080566	congenital disorder of glycosylation In
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080567	congenital disorder of glycosylation Ip
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080568	congenital disorder of glycosylation Iq
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080569	congenital disorder of glycosylation Ir
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9369	orbital plasma cell granuloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9368	keratoconjunctivitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8036	childhood ovarian embryonal carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080470	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 36
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9365	vesiculitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080471	infantile or early childhood epileptic encephalopathy 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080472	infantile or early childhood epileptic encephalopathy 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080473	developmental delay and seizures with or without movement abnormalities
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080474	pustular psoriasis 14
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8042	testis polyembryoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080475	psoriasis 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080476	peroxisome biogenesis disorder 1A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080477	peroxisome biogenesis disorder 2A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9370	exophthalmos
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080478	peroxisome biogenesis disorder 3A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080479	peroxisome biogenesis disorder 4A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8029	sporadic breast cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9358	fibular collateral ligament bursitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8025	gastric signet ring cell adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8023	myxoid liposarcoma of the ovary
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080460	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 34
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8022	liver fibrosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080461	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 26
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080462	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9352	type 2 diabetes mellitus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080463	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 33
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9362	status asthmaticus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8031	pineal region meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8030	periocular meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080464	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 53
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9360	intrinsic asthma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080465	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 30
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080467	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080468	early infantile epileptic encephalopathy 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080490	mucolipidosis type IV
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8058	pituitary stalk meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9389	infectious anterior uveitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080491	cerebral cavernous malformation 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8057	olfactory groove meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9388	lens-induced iridocyclitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080492	leukocyte adhesion deficiency 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080493	ovarian dysgenesis 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080494	ovarian dysgenesis 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080495	ovarian dysgenesis 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080496	ovarian dysgenesis 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9395	croup
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080497	ovarian dysgenesis 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080498	ovarian dysgenesis 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9392	tracheitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080499	ovarian dysgenesis 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8060	frontal sinus inverted papilloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080480	peroxisome biogenesis disorder 5A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9378	glaucomatocyclitic crisis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080481	peroxisome biogenesis disorder 6A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080482	peroxisome biogenesis disorder 7A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9375	Fuchs' heterochromic uveitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080483	peroxisome biogenesis disorder 8A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8043	chest wall parachordoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080484	peroxisome biogenesis disorder 10A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9384	gonococcal iridocyclitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080485	peroxisome biogenesis disorder 11A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9383	iridocyclitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080486	peroxisome biogenesis disorder 12A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8051	bladder papillary clear cell adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080487	peroxisome biogenesis disorder 13A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080488	mucolipidosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8050	bladder tubulo-cystic clear cell adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080489	GM1 gangliosidosis type 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9317	lymphangitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9312	chronic ethmoiditis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9310	nasal cavity benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9348	carotid artery dissection
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9346	Taylor's syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8013	penis papillary carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8012	benign pericardial teratoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9341	urethral diverticulum
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9351	diabetes mellitus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8020	glomangiomyoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8009	penis mixed squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9339	urethral false passage
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8007	Pancoast tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8006	skin meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9336	bestiality
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9335	scotoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8003	alveoli adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8002	supraglottis neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8000	frontal convexity meningioma
http://www.geneontology.org/formats/oboInOwl#hasNarrowSynonym	has_narrow_synonym
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8078	childhood central nervous system germinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8083	classic congenital mesoblastic nephroma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8082	cellular congenital mesoblastic nephroma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8081	myxomatous pattern testicular yolk sac tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8068	intraductal breast myoepitheliosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9398	epiglottitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9396	acute laryngitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8072	sarcomatous intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8097	bladder hepatoid adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8096	bladder mixed adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8093	maxillary sinus Schneiderian papilloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080610	anterior segment dysgenesis 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080611	anterior segment dysgenesis 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080612	anterior segment dysgenesis 7
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080613	anterior segment dysgenesis 8
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080614	oculocutaneous albinism type VI
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080615	nephroma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080616	kidney cortex disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080617	lymph node benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080618	lymph node carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080619	auditory system benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080600	COVID-19
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080601	germ cell benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080602	benign teratoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080603	ankylosing spondylitis 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080604	ankylosing spondylitis 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080605	ankylosing spondylitis 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080606	anterior segment dysgenesis 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080607	anterior segment dysgenesis 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080608	anterior segment dysgenesis 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080609	anterior segment dysgenesis 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9521	Laron syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080630	B-lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080631	Elsahy-Waters syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080632	Fazio-Londe disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080633	developmental cardiac valvular defect
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080634	nanophthalmos
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080635	optic disc anomalies with retinal and/or macular dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080636	syndromic microphthalmia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080637	isolated microphthalmia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080638	B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080639	bone sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9513	plasma cell leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9512	simple chronic conjunctivitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080620	familial glucocorticoid deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080621	glucocorticoid deficiency 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080622	peroxisome biogenesis disorder 2B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080623	Heimler syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080624	Heimler syndrome 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080625	severe congenital neutropenia 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080626	corticosterone methyloxidase deficiency 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080627	alopecia-mental retardation syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080628	alopecia-mental retardation syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/IDO_0000664	has material basis in
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080629	alopecia-mental retardation syndrome 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9547	non-secretory myeloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8216	parapharyngeal meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9544	refractory plasma cell neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8211	fallopian tube cystadenofibroma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9541	osteosclerotic myeloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9540	vascular skin disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080650	B-lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma, BCR-ABL1–like
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080651	B-lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with iAMP21
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080652	calcium oxalate nephrolithiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080653	urolithiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080654	uric acid urolithiasis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080655	hypophosphatemic nephrolithiasis/osteoporosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080656	45,X/46,XY mixed gonadal dysgenesis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8208	lung superior sulcus carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9538	multiple myeloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8207	hilar lung carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9537	Lassa fever
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9534	tuberculous pneumothorax
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8203	sacral spinal canal and spinal cord meningioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9531	latent syphilis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8200	tertiary syphilis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080640	gallbladder benign neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080641	tongue carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080642	Middle East respiratory syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080643	B-lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with BCR-ABL1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080644	B-lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma KMT2A rearranged
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080645	B-lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with ETV6-RUNX1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080646	B-lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with hyperdiploidy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080647	B-lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with hypodiploidy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080648	B-lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with IL3-IGH
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080649	B-lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with TCF3-PBX1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080670	Meesmann corneal dystrophy 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080671	Meesmann corneal dystrophy 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080672	fibrochondrogenesis 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080673	fibrochondrogenesis 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080674	luminal breast carcinoma B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080675	Stickler syndrome 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080676	Stickler syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080677	otospondylomegaepiphyseal dysplasia, autosomal dominant
http://www.geneontology.org/formats/oboInOwl#inSubset	in_subset
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080678	mucolipidosis III gamma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080679	neuronal intestinal dysplasia type A
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080661	nonsyndromic aplasia cutis congenita
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080662	atrial standstill 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080663	atrial standstill 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080664	diaphyseal medullary stenosis with malignant fibrous histiocytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080665	warfarin resistance
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080666	warfarin sensitivity
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080667	spinal muscular atrophy type 0
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080669	posterior polymorphous corneal dystrophy 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090010	immunodeficiency-centromeric instability-facial anomalies syndrome 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/doid#realized_by_supression_with	realized_by_supression_with
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9507	ethmoid sinusitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9506	acute ethmoiditis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9505	cannabis abuse
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9504	benign mammary dysplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9503	Loeffler syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9502	chronic eosinophilic pneumonia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9500	leukocyte disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080690	RASopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080691	Noonan syndrome-like disorder with loose anagen hair
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080692	Noonan syndrome-like disorder with loose anagen hair 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080693	Noonan syndrome-like disorder with loose anagen hair 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080694	Galloway-Mowat syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080695	Burn-McKeown syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080696	Winchester syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080697	Opitz GBBB syndrome type I
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080698	Opitz GBBB syndrome type II
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080699	glutathione synthetase deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090019	sitosterolemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090017	epidermolysis bullosa simplex with muscular dystrophy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090018	autosomal dominant familial periodic fever
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090015	Cenani-Lenz syndactyly syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090016	chromosome 5q deletion syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090013	severe combined immunodeficiency, autosomal recessive, T cell-negative, B cell-negative, Nk cell-positive
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090014	severe combined immunodeficiency, autosomal recessive, T cell-negative, B cell-positive, Nk cell-positive
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090011	immunodeficiency-centromeric instability-facial anomalies syndrome 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090012	severe combined immunodeficiency with sensitivity to ionizing radiation
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080680	neuronal intestinal dysplasia type B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080681	X-linked chronic idiopathic intestinal pseudo-obstruction
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080682	autosomal dominant familial visceral neuropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080683	nonsyndromic congenital nail disorder
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080684	diffuse midline glioma, H3 K27M-mutant
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080685	aortic dissection
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080686	tubular aggregate myopathy 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080687	reducing body myopathy 1B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080688	mosaic variegated aneuploidy syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090008	immunodeficiency-centromeric instability-facial anomalies syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080689	mosaic variegated aneuploidy syndrome 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090009	immunodeficiency-centromeric instability-facial anomalies syndrome 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090006	renal coloboma syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090007	immunodeficiency-centromeric instability-facial anomalies syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090004	progressive pseudorheumatoid arthropathy of childhood
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090005	Schwartz-Jampel syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090002	Tietz syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090003	agenesis of the corpus callosum with peripheral neuropathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0090001	Fraser syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8158	complement component 5 deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080590	Klippel-Feil syndrome 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9487	Meckel's diverticulum
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080591	Klippel-Feil syndrome 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080592	Klippel-Feil syndrome 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080593	orofacial cleft 6
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8153	fibroosseous pseudotumor of digits
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080594	hyper IgE recurrent infection syndrome 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080595	hyper IgE recurrent infection syndrome 3
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8162	thyroid Hurthle cell adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080596	hyper IgE recurrent infection syndrome 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8161	thyroid gland Hurthle cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080597	Kleefstra syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080598	Kleefstra syndrome 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080599	Coronavirus infectious disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8149	malignant childhood germ cell neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9478	postpartum depression
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9477	pulmonary embolism
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080580	3-Methylcrotonyl-CoA carboxylase 2 deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9476	Sheehan syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080581	hyperekplexia 4
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8144	pregerminal center chronic lymphocytic leukemia/small lymphocytic lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080582	hypotrichosis 14
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9473	mononeuritis of lower limb
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080583	Wolfram syndrome, mitochondrial form
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080584	autosomal dominant Wolfram syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9483	ulcerative blepharitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8151	appendiceal L-cell glucagon-like peptide producing tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080585	Van Maldergem syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8150	pancreatic invasive intraductal papillary-mucinous carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080586	Van Maldergem syndrome 2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080587	congenital myasthenic syndrome 22
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080588	agammaglobulinemia 5
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0080589	Klippel-Feil syndrome 1
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8179	cervical atypical polypoid adenomyoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8178	endometrial type cervical adenomyoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8177	endocervical type cervical adenomyoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9499	disseminated eosinophilic collagen disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9498	pulmonary eosinophilia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8167	gallbladder melanoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9496	unilateral hypoactive labyrinth
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8170	fibroepithelial polyp of the anus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8119	anal canal Paget's disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8118	mature gastric teratoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8117	neuronitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9446	cholangitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9445	cervix squamous papilloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9442	cervical Mullerian papilloma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8110	periampullary adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8109	nephrogenic adenoma of the urethra
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8108	fibroepithelial polyp of urethra
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9439	chronic cholangitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8106	cellular phase chronic idiopathic myelofibrosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8105	extrahepatic bile duct cystadenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8104	vaginal tubulovillous adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8102	fetal adenoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9432	renal glycosuria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8138	thymus sarcomatoid carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8137	thymus clear cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9467	nail-patella syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8135	gallbladder lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8133	epiglottis cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9463	otitis externa
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9462	cholesteatoma of external ear
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9471	meningitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8140	adrenal gland ganglioneuroblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9470	bacterial meningitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9459	isthmus cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8125	osteochondrosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9455	lipid storage disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8122	pseudovascular skin squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9452	fatty liver disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9461	exposure keratitis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8130	breast columnar cell mucinous carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9460	uterine corpus cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8188	uterine corpus choriocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8187	gestational uterine corpus choriocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8186	fallopian tube gestational choriocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8195	hepatoid pattern testicular yolk sac tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8193	papillary pattern testicular yolk sac tumor
